LangChain raises $10M seed 💰, interview with Daniel Gross and Nat Friedman 🎙️, how RLHF changes transformers 🤖

[TLDR](/)

[Newsletters](/newsletters)

[Advertise](https://advertise.tldr.tech/)

[TLDR](/)

# TLDR AI 2023-04-05

## LangChain raises $10M seed 💰, interview with Daniel Gross and Nat Friedman 🎙️, how RLHF changes transformers 🤖

🚀

### Headlines & Launches

[### PaLM API & MakerSuite: an approachable way to start prototyping and building generative AI applications (3 minute read)](https://developers.googleblog.com/2023/03/announcing-palm-api-and-makersuite.html?utm_source=tldrai)

Google is empowering developers to build the next generation of applications with generative AI by providing easy-to-use APIs and tools such as the newly announced PaLM API and MakerSuite. These tools will be available to select developers through a Private Preview, making it easy and safe to experiment with Google's large language models.

[### LangChain raises $10m seed (3 minute read)](https://blog.langchain.dev/announcing-our-10m-seed-round-led-by-benchmark/?utm_source=tldrai)

Launched last October, LangChain is an open source tool kit for composing models together. They make it easy to use tools, call APIs, and take advantage of powerful pre-trained generative models. They’re raising money to help better reach their goals of safety, retrieval, and integration to the broader ML ecosystem.

[### An Interview with Daniel Gross and Nat Friedman about the AI Product Revolution (45 minute read)](https://stratechery.com/2023/an-interview-with-daniel-gross-and-nat-friedman-about-the-ai-product-revolution/?utm_source=tldrai)

Ben Thompson previously conducted interviews with Daniel Gross and Nat Friedman in October and December of the previous year. During the first interview, they discussed the limited availability of AI products despite the advanced capabilities of models such as GPT-3. In a subsequent interview in December, the conversation shifted after the emergence of ChatGPT. Now, three months later, Thompson plans to catch up with Gross and Friedman to discuss the surge of AI products that have become available in recent times.

🧠

### Research & Innovation

[### More data is better, even for robots (12 minute read)](https://ai.facebook.com/blog/robots-learning-video-simulation-artificial-visual-cortex-vc-1/?utm_source=tldrai)

A fun paradox is that of Moravec which essentially says that getting computers to do knowledge work is easy but simple manipulation is hard. This work is a cool step towards improving robotic mobile manipulation. They train a single Visual Cortex model (which is open sourced) that can handle 17 different challenging task representations. They then have some clever simulation training and real world adaptation on a boston dynamics robot which is impressively successful at navigating unfamiliar houses, finding objects, and moving them to a target location. If anything, it’s a nice break from the deluge of language models.

[### How does RLHF change the inner-workings of transformers? (17 minute read)](https://blog.eleuther.ai/trlx-exploratory-analysis/?utm_source=tldrai)

The field of mechanistic interpretability studies the inner workings of a neural network to try and figure out which pieces correspond to what sort of behavior. RLHF seems to dramatically alter the behavior of a model, although that effect may not scale to more capable models. The main question of “what alterations are happening” remains unanswered. This blog post is an interesting exploration of a small GPT style model trained to generate negative movie reviews. They find that a small subset of the model is responsible for the novel behavior.

[### Another llama model joins the zoo (8 minute read)](https://bair.berkeley.edu/blog/2023/04/03/koala/?utm_source=tldrai)

Similar to Alpaca from Stanford, Koala was trained on dialog and instruction data. However, they didn’t use distillation from the OpenAI models, but sourced their data from freely available sources on the web. Their model actually seems comparable to strong closed source models and the code to fine-tune along with the dataset are available for further study.

👨‍💻

### Engineering & Resources

[### Follow Your Pose: Text-to-Video Generation using Pose-Free Videos (Github repo)](https://follow-your-pose.github.io/?utm_source=tldrai)

This paper proposes a two-stage training scheme for generating text-editable and pose-controllable character videos, using easily obtainable datasets and a pre-trained text-to-image model. The method successfully generates pose-controllable character videos and retains the editing abilities of the pre-trained model.

[### Fast Real-time video enhancement (3 minute read)](https://jeya-maria-jose.github.io/rebotnet-web/?utm_source=tldrai)

ReBotNet is a video model that is designed to enhance live streams and video conferences in real-time. They use a dual-branch network that learns different types of video abstractions like location and time based ones. They then use a common decoder network to output the enhanced frames. It runs at 50 fps, uses about 5gb of memory and performs on par with models 8x larger.

[### Babyagi (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/yoheinakajima/babyagi?utm_source=tldrai)

Babyagi is a Python AI-powered task management system.

🎁

### Miscellaneous

[### Takeaways From Stanford’s 386-Page AI Report (2 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2023/04/04/the-takeaways-from-stanfords-386-page-report-on-the-state-of-ai/?utm_source=tldrai)

This article dives into some of the high-level takeaways from Stanford’s massive AI report. Here are some takeaways: AI development has flipped over the last decade from academia-led to industry-led, by a large margin, and this shows no sign of changing. It’s becoming difficult to test models on traditional benchmarks and a new paradigm may be needed here. The energy footprint of AI training and use is becoming considerable, but we have yet to see how it may add efficiencies elsewhere.

[### AI in 14 Charts (8 minute read)](https://hai.stanford.edu/news/2023-state-ai-14-charts?utm_source=tldrai)

Learn about the state of AI in 14 charts.

⚡️

### Quick Links

[### Expedia Integrates GPT-4 (1 minute read)](https://9to5google.com/2023/04/04/expedia-gpt-4-travel-planning/?utm_source=tldrai)

Expedia has integrated GPT-4 to assist with travel planning.

[### Rask - AI video localization & dubbing app (Product Launch)](https://www.producthunt.com/posts/rask?utm_source=tldrai)

Rask AI is a one-stop-shop localization tool allowing content creators to translate their videos into 60+ languages efficiently. With "Text-to-Voice" and "Voice Cloning" technologies, you may add a human-like voiceover to videos without hiring a voice actor.

[### Biden Meeting With Advisors To Discuss AI (1 minute read)](https://futurism.com/the-byte/president-biden-ai-risks?utm_source=tldrai)

President Joe Biden is to meet with the scientific advisors of the President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology (PCAST) to discuss the "risks and opportunities" of artificial intelligence.

[### Amazon Launches Startup Accelerator For Generative AI Companies (1 minute read)](https://www.geekwire.com/2023/amazon-launches-startup-accelerator-for-generative-ai-companies/?utm_source=tldrai)

Amazon has launched a new accelerator for companies building generative AI technologies.

## The most important AI, ML, and data science news in a free daily email.

Subscribe

Join 500,000 readers for one daily email

[Privacy](/privacy)[Careers](https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/tldr.tech)[Advertise](/ai/advertise)

Timestamp: 1744590548