DeepMind and Google Brain merge 🧠, Atlassian Intelligence 📄, medical imaging segmentation 🏥

[TLDR](/)

[Newsletters](/newsletters)

[Advertise](https://advertise.tldr.tech/)

[TLDR](/)

# TLDR AI 2023-04-21

## DeepMind and Google Brain merge 🧠, Atlassian Intelligence 📄, medical imaging segmentation 🏥

🚀

### Headlines & Launches

[### Announcing Google DeepMind (3 minute read)](https://www.deepmind.com/blog/announcing-google-deepmind?utm_source=tldrai)

DeepMind and Google Research's Brain team are merging into a single unit called Google DeepMind, with the goal of accelerating AI research and developing more capable AI systems safely and responsibly. DeepMind CEO Demis Hassabis believes that this move will foster greater collaboration and execution in creating the next generation of AI breakthroughs and products across Google and Alphabet. The new Google DeepMind unit will be overseen by a Scientific Board, working together to address the world's biggest challenges through AI research and products to improve the lives of billions, transform industries, and advance science.

[### Introducing Atlassian Intelligence (7 minute read)](https://www.atlassian.com/blog/announcements/unleashing-power-of-ai?utm_source=tldrai)

Atlassian introduces Atlassian Intelligence, an AI-powered virtual teammate designed to enhance collaboration across its Cloud product family. The platform leverages AI, machine learning, and OpenAI collaboration to understand and accelerate team collaboration. Features include generating and summarizing information from content, providing instant help and support, learning company-specific terminology, and answering natural language questions.

[### 72 hours later, we have the first RedPajama model (HuggingFace)](https://huggingface.co/mosaicml/mpt-1b-redpajama-200b-dolly?utm_source=tldrai)

Mosaic trained a 1B parameter model on 440 GPUs for 200B tokens. It’s mostly used to showcase their powerful model training technology. From a technical perspective, this is pretty cool because it uses AliBi which - in theory - allows the context to extend beyond the 2k used for training.

🧠

### Research & Innovation

[### Universal medical imaging segmentation (22 minute read)](https://arxiv.org/abs/2304.06131?utm_source=tldrai)

With all the recent success in segmentation, medical images now get a boost with a novel corpus and open sourced models. This is a super thorough paper that even improves the baseline’s performance. A really good model for any group working in medical images + AI.

[### Learning to Program with Natural Language (13 minute read)](https://arxiv.org/abs/2304.10464?utm_source=tldrai)

The use of natural language as a programming language can improve Large Language Models' (LLMs) performance in complex tasks. The Learning to Program (LP) method enables LLMs to learn natural language programs from complex task datasets and use them to guide inference, resulting in an 18.3% improvement over direct zero-shot test performance on the AMPS dataset.

[### Nerfbusters: Removing Ghostly Artifacts from Casually Captured NeRFs (16 minute read)](https://arxiv.org/abs/2304.10532?utm_source=tldrai)

The quality of casually captured Neural Radiance Fields (NeRFs) can suffer from artifacts when rendered outside the camera trajectory, which current evaluation protocols fail to capture. To address this, a new dataset and evaluation procedure were proposed, where two camera trajectories are recorded, leading to the development of a 3D diffusion-based method that leverages local 3D priors and a novel density-based score distillation sampling loss to improve NeRF optimization, remove artifacts and improve scene geometry for casual captures.

👨‍💻

### Engineering & Resources

[### Magic Copy (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/kevmo314/magic-copy?utm_source=tldrai)

Magic Copy is a Chrome extension that uses Meta's Segment Anything Model to extract a foreground object from an image and copy it to the clipboard.

[### Microsoft toolkit for integrating LLMs into code (7 minute read)](https://github.com/microsoft/semantic-kernel?utm_source=tlrdai)

Semantic Kernel (SK) is a lightweight SDK that allows the integration of AI Large Language Models (LLMs) with traditional programming languages. This innovative model blends natural language semantic functions, native code functions, and embeddings-based memory to enhance applications with AI capabilities. SK offers features such as prompt templating, function chaining, vectorized memory, and intelligent planning. It supports various design patterns from AI research, enabling developers to integrate skills like prompt chaining, recursive reasoning, summarization, zero/few-shot learning, contextual memory, long-term memory, embeddings, semantic indexing, planning, and access to external knowledge stores and personal data.

[### Farm3D: Learning Articulated 3D Animals by Distilling 2D Diffusion (GitHub Repo)](https://farm3d.github.io/?utm_source=tldrai)

Farm3D is a method to learn category-specific 3D reconstructors for articulated objects using virtual supervision from a pre-trained 2D diffusion-based image generator. By generating synthetic views of reconstructed 3D objects and having the 2D network assess the resulting image quality, our approach produces a monocular reconstruction network that can output a controllable 3D asset from a given image, real or generated, in only seconds, making it suitable for real-time applications like video games.

🎁

### Miscellaneous

[### Bard Gave Some Employees Ethical Concerns (5 minute read)](https://archive.ph/uhhl4?utm_source=tldrai)

Some of Google’s employees were worried over the Bard chatbot’s accuracy, which was ultimately launched anyway. Shortly before Google introduced Bard, its AI chatbot, to the public in March, it asked employees to test the tool. One worker’s conclusion: Bard was “a pathological liar.” Another called it “cringe-worthy.” One employee wrote that when they asked Bard suggestions for how to land a plane, it regularly gave advice that would lead to a crash; another said it gave answers on scuba diving “which would likely result in serious injury or death.”

[### MAD, China, and the Semiconductor Showdown (12 minute read)](https://eastwind.substack.com/p/mad-china-and-the-semiconductor-showdown-2ba?utm_source=tldrai)

One of the less discussed areas of AI is the importance of having access to semiconductors (GPUs, TPUs, etc.). This post highlights current market dynamics (exponential rise in computation requirements) in the world of semiconductors, especially against the backdrop of broader geopolitical tensions between the US and China. The post then explores some of the downstream ramifications for AI development in the western world if access to AI accelerators is cut off.

⚡️

### Quick Links

[### Humanity Destroying AI Kicked Off Twitter (1 minute read)](https://futurism.com/the-byte/twitter-suspends-ai-destroy-humanity?utm_source=tldrai)

ChaosGPT — that autonomous AI agent that was tasked to "destroy humanity" and then set loose to adapt as it tries to accomplish that goal — was kicked off Twitter after focusing its annihilation efforts on using Twitter-facilitated mind games and manipulation.

[### Google To Deploy Generative AI To Create Sophisticated Ad Campaigns (2 minute read)](https://archive.ph/Hbeh3?utm_source=tldrai)

Google plans to introduce generative artificial intelligence into its advertising business over the coming months.

[### Bark (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/suno-ai/bark?utm_source=tldrai)

Bark is a transformer-based text-to-audio model created by Suno, able to generate highly realistic, multilingual speech as well as other audio - including music, background noise and simple sound effects.

[### Mage (Product Launch)](https://www.producthunt.com/posts/mage-4?utm_source=tldrai)

Mage is an incredibly simple and fun platform that provides 50+ top, custom Text-to-Image AI models as well as Text-to-GIF for consumers to create personalized content, unlimited & unfiltered. Start with fast and unlimited Stable Diffusion for free!

[### ChatGPT Is Fantastic For Finding And Solving Issues In Logs (HN Thread)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=35638552?utm_source=tldrai)

ChatGPT is very good at finding, solving, and coaching people through log issues.

## The most important AI, ML, and data science news in a free daily email.

Subscribe

Join 500,000 readers for one daily email

[Privacy](/privacy)[Careers](https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/tldr.tech)[Advertise](/ai/advertise)

Timestamp: 1744590551