Instagram founders launch personalized news app 🗞️, MIT course on Data-Centric AI 🎒, Vid2Avatar: learning human avatars from videos 📹

[TLDR](/)

[Newsletters](/newsletters)

[Advertise](https://advertise.tldr.tech/)

[TLDR](/)

# TLDR AI 2023-02-24

## Instagram founders launch personalized news app 🗞️, MIT course on Data-Centric AI 🎒, Vid2Avatar: learning human avatars from videos 📹

🚀

### Headlines & Launches

[### APIs are the Future of Chatbots (5 minute read)](https://www.bigtechnology.com/p/next-up-for-ai-chatbots-its-all-about?utm_source=tldrai)

The use of chatbots as demos to sell generative AI tools is gaining momentum. Companies are now preparing APIs for developers to build their own generative AI platforms. Early applications of the technology include customer service, gaming, and marketing. OpenAI has partnered with Bain, and Coca-Cola plans to use the technology for marketing. The race to enable the future of generative AI is now underway, and companies that enable successful AI applications stand to benefit tremendously.

[### Instagram founders launch personalized news app (4 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2023/02/22/instagrams-co-founders-personalized-news-app-artifact-launches-to-the-public-with-new-features?utm_source=tldrai)

Artifact, the personalized news reader built by Instagram’s co-founders, is now open to the public, no sign-up required. At the core of Artifact is algorithms and machine learning technology that is used to create a curated set of news articles for each user based on how they engage with the app’s content. The founders hint at using Transformers as the core piece of technology behind their AI.

[### Tome raises $43m series B for AI powered story telling (3 minute read)](http://bit.ly/3IqAIGw)

A mix between powerpoint, figma, and docs - Tome is a creative tool powered by generative technologies. It has been growing quickly and looks like a potentially interesting combination of several ideas that have been in the community for the past several months. This brings their total money raised to just over $75m.

🧠

### Research & Innovation

[### Latent Video Diffusion Models (21 minute read)](https://arxiv.org/abs/2302.07685?utm_source=tldrai)

One of the main bottlenecks of generative video work is the inability of current methods to scale to the massive number of frames or maintain temporal consistency in generation. This work tries to solve both problems at the same time by working in a projective latent space. They obtain impressive FID scores on standard benchmarks and have fun videos on their project page.

[### New (theoretically motivated) sampler for diffusion models dramatically improves quality (28 minute read)](https://arxiv.org/abs/2302.11552?utm_source=tldrai)

By building on the fascinating “score based” interpretation of diffusion models, this work investigates why diffusion models fail at various tasks that require composition. They determine that the sampler, and not the underlying model, must be the source of error. They then propose a new energy-based parameterization and Metropolis-corrected sampler. They show strong improvement on a variety of tough tasks. Also, as a smaller win, they have a nice background section on all these topics!

[### Modular Deep Learning: A Solution to Developing Models for Multiple Tasks (30 minute read)](https://arxiv.org/abs/2302.11529?utm_source=tldrai)

Modular deep learning has emerged as a promising solution for developing models that specialize in multiple tasks without incurring negative interference and that generalize systematically to non-identically distributed tasks. This article provides a survey of modular architectures, explores various additional purposes of modularity, and reports various concrete applications where modularity has been successfully deployed.

[### A Study of Prompt Tuning, In-Context Learning, and Instruction Prompt Tuning (12 minute read)](https://arxiv.org/abs/2302.11521?utm_source=tldrai)

The article discusses the use of parameter-efficient adaptation methods such as prompt tuning (PT), in-context learning (ICL), and instruction prompt tuning (IPT) for fine-tuning large language models. The paper empirically studies when and how in-context examples improve prompt tuning, and observes that IPT does not always outperform PT, PT is unstable, and prompts learned for a specific source task via PT exhibit positive transfer when paired with in-context examples of a different target task.

👨‍💻

### Engineering & Resources

[### Papers on the UX of AI programming assistants (2 minute read)](https://austinhenley.com/blog/uxaicoding.html?utm_source=tldrai)

It could be argued that in addition to the powerful model, co-pilot’s success is because of the innovative user experience. In any case, this page provides a list of papers that study the effectiveness of different choices on users of programming assistant tools.

[### Vid2Avatar: Learning Human Avatars from Monocular In-The-Wild Videos (4 minute read)](https://moygcc.github.io/vid2avatar/?utm_source=tldrai)

The article presents a method called Vid2Avatar, which learns human avatars from monocular in-the-wild videos without the need for ground truth supervision, external segmentation modules, or priors extracted from large datasets. The method solves the task of surface reconstruction and scene decomposition by jointly modeling the human and background in the scene using two separate neural fields.

[### MochiDiffusion (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/godly-devotion/MochiDiffusion?utm_source=tldrai)

This app brings stable diffusion to Macs. This app uses Apple's Core ML Stable Diffusion implementation to achieve maximum performance and speed on Apple Silicon based Macs while reducing memory requirements. It also runs on Intel based Macs too.

🎁

### Miscellaneous

[### How Nvidia dominated AI - and plans to keep it that way (8 minute read)](https://venturebeat.com/ai/how-nvidia-dominated-ai-and-plans-to-keep-it-that-way-as-generative-ai-explodes/?utm_source=tldrai)

Since the creation of AlexNet in 2012, GPUs have been the primary work horse for AI. Nvidia has made many savvy strategic moves in both hardware and software that have positioned them to be one of the biggest winners in the recent generative AI boom. Their chips power a large majority of all exciting AI applications today with little signs of slowing down. This article is a nice history of some of the key players and decisions they made that lead to their current (and hopefully future) success.

[### Intro To Data-Centric AI (Online Course)](https://dcai.csail.mit.edu/?utm_source=tldrai)

This is the first-ever course that merges the intersection between data science and AI/ML. Data-Centric AI (DCAI) is an emerging science that studies techniques to improve datasets, which is often the best way to improve performance in practical ML applications. While good data scientists have long practiced this manually via ad hoc trial/error and intuition, DCAI considers the improvement of data as a systematic engineering discipline.

[### How I Broke Into A Bank Account With An AI-Generated Voice (5 minute read)](https://www.vice.com/en/article/dy7axa/how-i-broke-into-a-bank-account-with-an-ai-generated-voice?utm_source=tldrai)

Banks use Voice ID to protect accounts, but as this article shows, AI-generated voices throw a wrench into these plans.

⚡️

### Quick Links

[### Mind-Controlled AI RoboDogs (2 minute read)](https://interestingengineering.com/innovation/mind-controlled-combat-ai-robodogs?utm_source=tldrai)

The Australian military is testing an AI “brain robotic interface” to control “robodogs” synced with troopers’ minds.

[### Should AI Chatbots Have Robot Rights? (8 minute read)](https://www.grid.news/story/technology/2023/02/22/what-are-robot-rights-and-should-ai-chatbots-have-them/?utm_source=tldrai)

This article is an interview with Professor David Gunkel discussing what rights, if any, should AI chatbots have.

[### AI-Created Images Lose U.S. Copyrights (2 minute read)](https://archive.ph/ZpytV?utm_source=tldrai)

The U.S. Copyright Office has ruled that images in a graphic novel created by AI should not have been granted copyright protections, one of the first decisions by a U.S. Court or Agency on the topic of AI art and copyrights.

## The most important AI, ML, and data science news in a free daily email.

Subscribe

Join 500,000 readers for one daily email

[Privacy](/privacy)[Careers](https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/tldr.tech)[Advertise](/ai/advertise)

Timestamp: 1744590541