GitHub Copilot X 🧑‍✈️, Nvidia foundation models as a service 📊, generative models for medical 🏥

[TLDR](/)

[Newsletters](/newsletters)

[Advertise](https://advertise.tldr.tech/)

[TLDR](/)

# TLDR AI 2023-03-23

## GitHub Copilot X 🧑‍✈️, Nvidia foundation models as a service 📊, generative models for medical 🏥

🚀

### Headlines & Launches

[### GitHub Copilot X (3 minute read)](https://github.blog/2023-03-22-github-copilot-x-the-ai-powered-developer-experience/?utm_source=tldrai)

New conversational interface, GPT-4 upgrade, bug fix suggestions, documentation writing, and automatic pull requests are coming to Copilot. These launches are the next step in GitHub’s goal to become the developer toolkit powerhouse.

[### Google and Microsoft chatbots are citing one another in a misinformation showdown (3 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2023/3/22/23651564/google-microsoft-bard-bing-chatbots-misinformation?utm_source=tldrai)

The rushed launch of AI chatbots by big tech companies such as Microsoft, Google, and OpenAI risks degrading the web's information ecosystem, according to an opinion piece in The Verge. The author cites an example of Microsoft's Bing chatbot mistakenly stating that Google's Bard chatbot had been shut down, citing a tweet, a Hacker News comment, and fake news as evidence. The article suggests that the inability of AI language models to sort fact from fiction threatens to unleash a trail of misinformation and mistrust across the web, and that the companies' disclaimers of the bots being experiments are a flimsy defense.

[### Nvidia enters foundation models as a service (4 minute read)](https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1638211601944948736.html?utm_source=tldrai)

Robots, images, text, bio and more! Nvidia has thrown their hat in the ring. Foundation Model as a Service is set to make its debut in the enterprise sector, offering tailored solutions for proprietary data. With its multimodal capabilities, this platform can work with a range of data types, including text, images, videos, and even 3D content, allowing for customized multimodal language models and generative models to be built to suit specific use cases. The partnership with industry leaders like Getty Images, Shutterstock, and Adobe ensures that copyright issues are efficiently addressed.

🧠

### Research & Innovation

[### Data Deduplication for the rest of us (30 minute read)](https://arxiv.org/abs/2303.09540?utm_source=tldrai)

There have been many papers arguing both sides of the debate around the usefulness of data deduplication. It seems, in any case, that training on the same data point 300,000+ times is wasteful. A simple deduplication technique here is to embed your data points, cluster into k (e.g., 10k clusters), then remove a subset that has really high cosine similarity with other data points. This technique seems robust to the choice of embedding and the number of clusters, as long as the clusters are high enough. It also works across modalities.

[### Text to Room (4 minute read)](https://lukashoel.github.io/text-to-room/?utm_source=tldrai)

There has never been a community more interested in interior design than the generative AI community currently is. This work fits in well with the current trend. There are a lot of novel tweaks they needed to do to make the entire 3D space align with the prompt. In all, very interesting work for 3D asset generation.

[### FreeDoM: A Training-Free Conditional Diffusion Model (15 minute read)](https://arxiv.org/abs/2303.09833?utm_source=tldrai)

The article presents FreeDoM, a training-free conditional diffusion model that leverages off-the-shelf pretrained networks to construct time-independent energy functions, enabling effective generation for various conditions. The proposed method offers advantages in simplicity, effectiveness, and low cost and has a broader range of applications than existing training-free methods, as demonstrated by experiments on diverse data domains, including image and latent code domains.

👨‍💻

### Engineering & Resources

[### ChatLlama (Website)](https://chatllama.baseten.co/?utm_source=tldrai)

A nice wrapper interface around the instruction tuned Alpaca model. Only the 7B model is available, with others coming. While the quality doesn’t match ChatGPT it is a fun open alternative with linked code.

[### Generative models for medical (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/Project-MONAI/GenerativeModels?utm_source=tldrai)

A good step towards evaluation, creation, and curation of generative models for a wide variety of tasks with a specific focus on medical. This project aims to assist by building tools for generative medical tasks and comes with metrics and tutorials to help you get started.

🎁

### Miscellaneous

[### Is AI the next tech monopoly? (15 minute read)](https://www.politico.com/newsletters/digital-future-daily/2023/03/22/ai-might-have-already-set-the-stage-for-the-next-tech-monopoly-00088382?utm_source=tldrai)

Due to the enormous capital requirements of building some of these AI systems, it’s not clear that they will serve to disrupt and bring innovation in the way people hope. They are hard to replicate and opaque, but may serve as the foundation upon which a huge number of companies are built.

[### Mozilla Launches New Startup Focused On Trustworthy AI (3 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2023/03/22/mozilla-launches-a-new-startup-focused-on-trustworthy-ai/?utm_source=tldrai)

Mozilla, the developers of the Firefox browser, are launching an AI startup to build an AI that is open-source and “trustworthy.” Called Mozilla.ai, the newly forged company’s mission isn’t to build just any AI — its mission is to build AI that’s open source and “trustworthy,” according to Mark Surman, the executive president of Mozilla and the head of Mozilla.ai.

[### Morgan Stanely and OpenAI (3 minute read)](https://openai.com/customer-stories/morgan-stanley?utm_source=tldrai)

Morgan Stanley is using OpenAI's GPT-4 to power an internal chatbot that helps wealth management personnel locate relevant information. The vast amount of information on investment strategies, market research, and analyst insights is housed across many internal sites, largely in PDF form, requiring advisors to scan through a great deal of information to find answers to specific questions. The model will perform a comprehensive search of wealth management content and "effectively unlocks the cumulative knowledge of Morgan Stanley Wealth Management."

⚡️

### Quick Links

[### Stanford Pulls Down Alpaca (2 minute read)](https://futurism.com/the-byte/stanford-pulls-down-chatgpt-clone?utm_source=tldrai)

Stanford researchers have taken down their ChatGPT clone Alpaca, citing costs and safety concerns.

[### Video Game Developer Ubisoft Is Using AI To Write Dialogue (1 minute read)](https://kotaku.com/ubisoft-ai-writing-scriptwriting-ghostwriter-machine-1850250316?utm_source=tldrai)

Ubisoft, the publisher of the popular video game Assassin's Creed, is now using an AI tool called Ghostwriter to help write dialogue for its games.

[### Next.js ChatGPT (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/enricoros/nextjs-chatgpt-app?utm_source=tldrai)

Next.js ChatGPT is a responsible chat application powered by GPT-4.

[### The HustleGPT Challenge (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/jtmuller5/The-HustleGPT-Challenge?utm_source=tldrai)

HustleGPT Challenge is a curated list of HustleGPT adventures.

## The most important AI, ML, and data science news in a free daily email.

Subscribe

Join 500,000 readers for one daily email

[Privacy](/privacy)[Careers](https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/tldr.tech)[Advertise](/ai/advertise)

Timestamp: 1744590546