Microsoft brings Bing AI to Windows 11 🪟, ChatGPT and Whisper API 🗣️, reduce language model toxicity ☠️

[TLDR](/)

[Newsletters](/newsletters)

[Advertise](https://advertise.tldr.tech/)

[TLDR](/)

# TLDR AI 2023-03-02

## Microsoft brings Bing AI to Windows 11 🪟, ChatGPT and Whisper API 🗣️, reduce language model toxicity ☠️

🚀

### Headlines & Launches

[### PromptLoop: build spreadsheet models powered by AI (Product Launch)](https://www.promptloop.com/?utm_source=tldrai)

Use PromptLoop in Google Sheets and Excel to build spreadsheet models that transform, extract, or summarize any text with our AI models. The formula is designed just like SUM or VLOOKUP and generates answers with powerful AI models.

[### Microsoft brings its new AI-powered Bing to the Windows 11 taskbar (3 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2023/2/28/23618214/microsoft-windows-11-update-bing-ai-taskbar-touch-improvements-screen-recording-features?utm_source=tldrai)

Microsoft is releasing a big update to Windows 11 that adds the company’s new AI-powered Bing search to the taskbar. The new Windows 11 update will offer quick access to the new Bing chat feature alongside a bunch of new features. A new Bing icon will appear within the search box in the taskbar, with Microsoft highlighting the new chat answers experience in the search flyout. It looks like Microsoft is making it clear that AI is their future, just like how Google did the same a few years ago.

[### Typeface raises $65M to bring generative AI to the enterprise (3 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2023/02/28/typeface-emerges-from-stealth-with-65m-to-bring-generative-ai-to-the-enterprise/?utm_source=tldrai)

Typeface, a startup developing an AI-powered dashboard for drafting marketing copy and images, emerged from stealth this week with $65 million in venture equity backing from Lightspeed Venture Partners, GV (Google Ventures), M12 (Microsoft’s Venture Fund) and Menlo Ventures. Founded by former Adobe CTO Abhay Parasnis, Typeface attempts to combine generative AI with a brand’s tone, audiences and workflows to — as Parasnis rather aspirationally puts it — “reimagine” content workflows and corporate content development.

🧠

### Research & Innovation

[### Using graphs with many labels to learn on graphs with zero labels (13 minute read)](https://ai.googleblog.com/2023/03/teaching-old-labels-new-tricks-in.html?utm_source=tldrai)

Zero shot transfer learning is a method that allows you to improve performance of models on a target domain that has no labels but transferring knowledge learned by a model in a related source domain. This new work from Google outlines how to do this process on heterogeneous graphs with a multiplicity of data types. They introduce a number of innovations that allows them to learn a strong mapping between label rich and label poor graphs. They find dramatic improvements of 24% to 190% on various domains.

[### Collage Diffusion: Fine-Grained Control Over Diffusion-Based Image Generation (13 minute read)](https://arxiv.org/abs/2303.00262?utm_source=tldrai)

Text-conditional diffusion models can generate high-quality images, but they often require additional controls to ensure precise image output. In this paper, the authors introduce Collage Diffusion, a collage-conditional diffusion algorithm that allows users to control the spatial arrangement and visual attributes of objects in the scene. By defining a collage with an ordered sequence of layers, each with an RGBA image and corresponding text prompt, users can control image harmonization on a layer-by-layer basis and edit individual objects in generated images while keeping other objects fixed. Collage Diffusion modifies text-image cross-attention with alpha masks to ensure different parts of the input text correspond to the various locations specified in the input collage layers. This approach generates globally harmonized images that maintain desired object locations and visual characteristics better than prior approaches.

👨‍💻

### Engineering & Resources

[### RLHF to reduce language model toxicity (6 minute read)](https://huggingface.co/docs/trl/detoxifying_a_lm?utm_source=tldrai)

Aligning language models is hard. One method uses “Human Feedback” to train a reward model. However, if we can compute the reward model on the fly from each example, there is no need for expensive feedback. In this example, they use another language model to score the toxicity of a piece of text. They can use that as a reward to decrease the toxicity of a model’s output.

[### Indirect Prompt Injection on Bing Chat (15 minute read)](https://greshake.github.io/?utm_source=tldrai)

If allowed by the user, Bing Chat can see currently open websites. The authors show that an attacker can plant an injection in a website the user is visiting, which silently turns Bing Chat into a Social Engineer who seeks out and infiltrates personal information. The user doesn't have to ask about the website or do anything except interact with Bing Chat while the website is opened in the browser.

🎁

### Miscellaneous

[### ChatGPT and Whisper API (4 minute read)](https://openai.com/blog/introducing-chatgpt-and-whisper-apis?utm_source=tldrai)

OpenAI has added gpt-3.5-turbo to their API which is the same model that powers ChatGPT. It is 10x cheaper than the other GPT3.5 model in the API. It operates on Chat Markup Language which contains text and metadata. They showcase commercial examples, outline that this model is better for many non-chat uses, and have officially added their speech-to-text Whisper model to the API. Given their recent post on AGI which talked about slowing down future deployments, it may be a while before we have another release like this.

[### World building with GPT (17 minute read)](https://ianbicking.org/blog/2023/02/world-building-with-gpt.html?utm_source=tldrai)

This post is for people who are interested in building interactive tools on top of GPT and want to see some of the things the author has encountered. We know that GPT is great at generating lists, providing natural language context, and creating structured output. The author uses these benefits to create a city — from building types and architecture to people and furniture.

⚡️

### Quick Links

[### YouTube’s New Leader Teases AI Tools (2 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2023/3/1/23620143/youtube-ai-tool-features-ceo-neal-mohan-google-alphabet?utm_source=tldrai)

Neal Mohan, the new head of YouTube, outlined his key priorities and teased some upcoming features for the media platform in his first address to the community since stepping up to the role last month. In his letter, Mohan opens by saying that he’ll “continue to put [creators] first” and recapping some of the recent features the platform has added. He also teased one particularly interesting new one: YouTube is developing generative AI tools for content creators.

[### Meta’s AI-driven advertising system splits marketers (4 minute read)](https://archive.ph/hWi3M?utm_source=tldrai)

Meta’s efforts to overhaul its advertising technology in response to Apple’s privacy changes are leading to bumper results for brands but also fears from marketers they are being forced to relinquish too much control to the social media platform. The company has been pouring investment into applying machine learning and artificial intelligence to its advertising systems in recent months.

[### GPT Jailbreak Status (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/tg12/gpt_jailbreak_status?utm_source=tldrai)

GPT jailbreak status provides updates on the status of jailbreaking the OpenAI GPT language model.

[### Nvidia’s latest GPU drivers can upscale old blurry YouTube videos (2 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2023/2/28/23618245/nvidia-rtx-video-super-resolution-upscale-videos-rtx-gpu?utm_source=tldrai)

Nvidia is releasing new GPU drivers today that will upscale old blurry web videos on RTX 30- and 40-series cards. RTX Video Super Resolution is a new AI upscaling technology from Nvidia that works inside Chrome or Edge to improve any video in a browser by sharpening the edges of objects and reducing video artifacts.

## The most important AI, ML, and data science news in a free daily email.

Subscribe

Join 500,000 readers for one daily email

[Privacy](/privacy)[Careers](https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/tldr.tech)[Advertise](/ai/advertise)

Timestamp: 1744590542