Meta releases LLaMa 🦙, OpenAI planning for AGI and beyond 💫, aligning text-to-image models using human feedback 🖼️

[TLDR](/)

[Newsletters](/newsletters)

[Advertise](https://advertise.tldr.tech/)

[TLDR](/)

# TLDR AI 2023-02-27

## Meta releases LLaMa 🦙, OpenAI planning for AGI and beyond 💫, aligning text-to-image models using human feedback 🖼️

🚀

### Headlines & Launches

[### Meta releases LLaMA, a state-of-the-art foundational large language model (5 minute read)](https://ai.facebook.com/blog/large-language-model-llama-meta-ai/?utm_source=tldrai)

Meta has publicly released a new large language model called LLaMA, which is designed to help researchers advance their work in the AI subfield of natural language processing (NLP). LLaMA is available in various sizes and is a foundational model that can be fine-tuned for different tasks. By releasing LLaMA, Meta hopes to democratize access to large language models, allowing more researchers to study and test new approaches in this field.

[### Uizard Autodesigner: text to design, automated by AI (Product Launch)](https://uizard.io/autodesigner/?utm_source=tldrai)

Autodesigner is the latest AI design feature from Uizard that enables users to generate multi screen mockups by typing out project ideas in plain English. Autodesigner is pretty much like ChatGPT but for UI/UX design! Joining Uizard's library of AI-powered features, Autodesigner will help bring your vision to life in seconds; simply enter a few simple phrases and let AI bring your app vision to life in a matter of seconds.

[### Planning for AGI and beyond (7 minute read)](https://openai.com/blog/planning-for-agi-and-beyond/?utm_source=tldrai)

OpenAI outlines steps they have taken and plan to take in their ultimate goal to create AGI. They outline a fairly ambitious future and explain that future releases of these models might be slower and more cautious. They hint that they believe ChatGPT to be a stepping stone towards AGI. Examples of efforts they have undertaken are included in the article.

🧠

### Research & Innovation

[### Aligning Text-to-Image models using human feedback (34 minute read)](https://arxiv.org/abs/2302.12192?utm_source=tldrai)

In this work we see additional evidence that alignment improves capabilities. Previous research seems to have mostly been focused on capabilities that are weakly aligned to human preference (e.g., improving FID or SOTA on a benchmark). Now, however, we find that if we train a reward model on human feedback data, our models become significantly more useful. They outline a “reward weighted likelihood maximization” scheme. Their experiments are constrained to categories of count, color, and background.

[### New “Open” foundation models from Meta (30 minute read)](https://research.facebook.com/publications/llama-open-and-efficient-foundation-language-models/?utm_source=tldrai)

Meta has trained 4 powerful language models on a Trillion tokens. They find that many of the modern advances such as pre-layernorm, SwiGLU, and Rotary embeddings improve their model’s performance. Additionally, they outline the training mix and compute power used to train these models. They used 2048 A100 GPUs for 5 months over the course of this project, with the largest model taking 21 days to train on their whole cluster.

👨‍💻

### Engineering & Resources

[### Civitai (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/civitai/civitai?utm_source=tldrai)

The goal of Civitai is to create a platform where people can share their stable diffusion models (textual inversions, hypernetworks, aesthetic gradients, VAEs, and any other crazy stuff people do to customize their AI generations), collaborate with others to improve them, and learn from each other's work. The platform allows users to create an account, upload their models, and browse models that have been shared by others. Users can also leave comments and feedback on each other's models to facilitate collaboration and knowledge sharing.

[### Composer: A Large Controllable Diffusion Model for Infinite Image Generation and Manipulation (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/damo-vilab/composer?utm_source=tldrai)

Composer is a large (5 billion parameters) controllable diffusion model trained on billions of (text, image) pairs. It can exponentially expand the control space through composition, leading to an enormous number of ways to generate and manipulate images, i.e., making the infinite use of finite means.

[### Expanding the Capabilities of Diffusion Models for Cross-Domain Compositing Tasks (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/cross-domain-compositing/cross-domain-compositing?utm_source=tldrai)

The paper discusses how off-the-shelf diffusion models can be used for various cross-domain compositing tasks, such as image blending, object immersion, texture replacement, and CG2Real translation or stylization. The proposed method uses a localized, iterative refinement scheme that infuses the inserted objects with contextual information from the background scene, providing control over the types and degrees of change.

🎁

### Miscellaneous

[### Business Technology Chiefs Question ChatGPT’s Readiness for the Enterprise (3 minute read)](https://archive.ph/ZwVMu?utm_source=tldrai)

The generative AI chatbot can be spectacularly wrong, executives say, and is mostly good for rote tasks at present. Nonetheless, they say CIOs who fail to explore the technology’s possibility risk their companies falling behind.

[### Everyday Robotics layoffs (2 minute read)](https://www.wired.com/story/alphabet-layoffs-hit-trash-sorting-robots/?utm_source=tldrai)

Another unfortunate casualty from recent layoffs, everyday robotics which developed industry leading cleaning and trash sorting robots is disbanded. One of the “other bets” that lost $6B last year, Everyday Robotics was a graduate from Alphabet’s X “moonshot” program. Some of the research will be continued inside of Google robotics.

[### Prompt Engineering Is The Hot New Tech Job (10 minute read)](https://archive.ph/bPMTk?utm_source=tldrai)

Prompt engineers are being paid a healthy wage for their skill in getting AI systems to produce exactly what they want.

⚡️

### Quick Links

[### RadioGPT: world’s first AI-drive radio station (2 minute read)](https://interestingengineering.com/innovation/radiogpt-worlds-first-ai-radio-station?utm_source=tldrai)

RadioGPT is the first AI-powered radio station, using GPT-3 to produce a script for on-air use while AI voices turn that script into audio.

[### Some Companies Are Replacing Workers With ChatGPT (3 minute read)](https://archive.ph/9uZly?utm_source=tldrai)

Of the 1,000 business leaders who use or plan to use ChatGPT surveyed by Resumebuilder.com, 25% have used ChatGPT to replace some employees.

[### Midjourney Bans Words About Reproductive System To Fight Porn (2 minute read)](https://petapixel.com/2023/02/24/midjourney-bans-words-about-the-reproductive-system-to-fight-ai-porn/?utm_source=tldrai)

AI text-to-image generator Midjourney has temporarily banned words related to the reproductive system in an effort to stop users from creating porn.

## The most important AI, ML, and data science news in a free daily email.

Subscribe

Join 500,000 readers for one daily email

[Privacy](/privacy)[Careers](https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/tldr.tech)[Advertise](/ai/advertise)

Timestamp: 1744590542