Coinbase rescinds offers 🪙, Amazon invite-only shopping 🛍️, HP Linux laptop 💻

[TLDR](/)

[Newsletters](/newsletters)

[Advertise](https://advertise.tldr.tech/)

[TLDR](/)

# TLDR 2022-06-03

## Coinbase rescinds offers 🪙, Amazon invite-only shopping 🛍️, HP Linux laptop 💻

### 

[### Get your data to work for you. Join us for .conf22! (Sponsor)](https://conf.splunk.com/)

Keeping systems running? Blocking attacks? Optimizing apps? You’re in the business of innovation. Learn how to unlock your data and deliver new ideas with Splunk. Join us in Las Vegas: June 13 - 16 | Virtual AMER: June 14 - 15 | Virtual APAC & EMEA: June 15 - 16. Register today.

📱

### Big Tech & Startups

[### Amazon is launching an invite-based ordering option, starting with the PS5 and Xbox Series X (3 minute read)](https://tcrn.ch/3aggpy9)

Amazon is launching an invite-based ordering service for high-demand, low-supply products to prevent inventory shortages and price gouging. The program aims to ensure that genuine customers are able to purchase these products. Customers will be able to request an invitation to buy the items at no additional cost. Amazon will verify genuine customers by looking at their purchase history and account creation dates. The program will launch in the US starting with the PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X game consoles.

[### Coinbase extends hiring freeze, rescinds some accepted offers (2 minute read)](https://tcrn.ch/3tcyj6u)

Coinbase has announced a hiring freeze and will revoke accepted offers from some candidates who haven't started their roles yet. The crypto exchange began slowing its hiring two weeks ago. It will still hire for roles necessary for security and compliance. Those with rescinded offers will be eligible for severance pay. The hiring freeze will persist as long as the macroeconomic downturn continues.

🚀

### Science & Futuristic Technology

[### Manipulating photons for microseconds tops 9,000 years on a supercomputer (9 minute read)](https://arstechnica.com/science/2022/06/manipulating-photons-for-microseconds-tops-9000-years-on-a-supercomputer/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

An optical quantum computer built by Canadian startup Xanadu is able to sometimes perform operations with more than 200 qubits. Simulating one of the operations, which only takes a few-dozen milliseconds on the optical quantum computer, would take 9,000 years on a supercomputer. Xanadu's hardware uses a chip to put photons in a specific quantum state then it forces photon pairs to interact in ways that entangle them. More details about the technology are available in the article.

[### Woman receives 3D-printed ear made from her own cells (2 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2022/6/2/23151690/3d-printed-ear-transplant?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

3DBio Therapeutics has successfully transplanted a 3D-printed ear made from human cells onto a woman born with a rare ear deformity. The experimental process involves taking a biopsy from the patient's ear and pulling out cartilage cells, which are then grown and 3D printed into the shape of an ear. The implant is less likely to be rejected as it is made from the patient's own cells. It was the first clinical trial of the technology.

💻

### Programming, Design & Data Science

[### Cybersecurity and Nation States: A Fireside Chat (Sponsor)](https://goteleport.com/security-visionaries-2022/?utm_campaign=eg&amp;utm_medium=partner&amp;utm_source=tldr)

On June 15, Jen Easterly, Director of CISA, will be joining Teleport for the Security Visionaries Series. Sign up today.

[### How fast are Linux pipes anyway? (23 minute read)](https://mazzo.li/posts/fast-pipes.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

This article explores how Unix pipes are implemented by Linux. It begins by using a program with a throughput of around 3.5GiB/s and optimizes it until its performance is improved twentyfold. A basic knowledge of C is required. A GitHub repository that contains the code for the article is linked.

[### 3D icons (Website)](https://3dicons.co/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

This site contains a collection of more than 120 open-source 3D icons that are 100% free for commercial and personal use. The icons come in four predefined color styles and three camera angles. They can be edited with Mesh. Mock-ups and examples from the Figma community are available.

🎁

### Miscellaneous

[### Scientists create an optical illusion that feels like an expanding black hole (3 minute read)](https://interestingengineering.com/black-hole-optical-illusion?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

A psychologist from Japan has created an optical illusion that makes the viewer feel as if a black hole is getting bigger. The image looks like a black hole surrounded by tiny black dots. The illusion affects the dilation of pupils in human eyes. It works even when the size or color scheme is changed. Test subjects' pupils underwent contraction when they were shown white-colored holes instead of black. Optical illusions are essential applications for studying how the brain functions and responds to different stimuli. The optical illusion is available in the article.

[### HP’s Linux-based AMD laptop releases, starts at $1,099 (3 minute read)](https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2022/06/hps-linux-based-amd-laptop-releases-starts-at-1099/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

HP released a Linux laptop aimed at coders today. The Dev One is a 14-inch clamshell with an eight-core 16-thread Ryzen 7 Pro 5850U CPU with integrated graphics, up to 64GB RAM, a 1TB SSD, a screen with 800 nits of brightness, and 12 hours of battery life. It has two USB-C ports, two USB-A ports, an HDMI port, and a headphone jack. The Dev One runs Pop!\_OS, a Ubuntu-based Linux distribution from System76. Pictures of the laptop are available in the article.

## Get the most important tech, science, & coding news in a free daily email. Read by +1,250,000 software engineers and tech workers.

Subscribe

Join 1,250,000 readers for [one daily email](/api/latest/tech)

[Privacy](/privacy)[Careers](https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/tldr.tech)[Advertise](/tech/advertise)

Timestamp: 1744589663