Elon buys Twitter 🐦, Meta's hardware store 😎, scientists capture giant squid 🦑

[TLDR](/)

[Newsletters](/newsletters)

[Advertise](https://advertise.tldr.tech/)

[TLDR](/)

# TLDR 2022-04-26

## Elon buys Twitter 🐦, Meta's hardware store 😎, scientists capture giant squid 🦑

### 

[### Meetings suck. Not at Shopify. See how they run efficient meetings and 1:1s (Sponsor)](https://fellow.app/lp/tech-tldr-2/?utm_source=techtldr&utm_campaign=newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_content=msnas_2)

Shopify's teams run short, effective meetings through collaborative agendas and time-saving automations. Shopify uses Fellow.app, the G2 top rated meeting agenda software. Fellow comes packed with customizable templates and integrates with all your tools including Slack, Jira, Trello, and more. Stop attending meetings that are a waste of time. Try Fellow for free today.

📱

### Big Tech & Startups

[### Meta is opening its first retail store next month (3 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2022/4/25/23037875/meta-retail-store-burlingame-ray-ban-stories-portal-quest-hours-location?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Meta is opening its first hardware retail store on its campus at Burlingame, California on May 9. The store will have areas for visitors to demo Portal devices, Quest virtual reality headsets, and Ray-Ban Stories smart glasses. It will open from 11 AM to 6 PM Monday through Friday. The store will allow Meta to experiment with its in-store customer experience and help define its future retail strategy.

[### Twitter accepts Elon Musk's buyout deal (4 minute read)](https://www.cnbc.com/2022/04/25/twitter-accepts-elon-musks-buyout-deal.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Twitter's board has accepted Elon Musk's offer to buy the company. The board had considered fighting the hostile takeover by adopting a poison pill strategy. It had concerns over the sale price and Musk's ability to fund the deal. The board changed its mind after Musk's SEC filing which detailed his plans to finance the deal. Musk is exploring a tender offer to purchase Twitter shares directly from shareholders. Twitter's board members have been asked to preserve records related to Musk's bid for a potential congressional probe and subpoenas.

🚀

### Science & Futuristic Technology

[### Elon Musk’s The Boring Company to take on hyperloop project (2 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2022/04/24/elon-musks-the-boring-company-to-take-on-hyperloop-project/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Elon Musk's The Boring Company will attempt to build a high-speed hyperloop in the coming years. Musk outlined the idea of the transport system in 2013. The hyperloop involves sending passengers and cargo in pods through low-pressure tubes at speeds above 700 miles per hour. Several companies have been working on the idea for almost a decade, but there are no working examples of the system anywhere in the world. The Boring Company recently raised $675 million in a Series C funding round.

[### Scientists Capture Living Giant Squid (2 minute read)](https://futurism.com/the-byte/scientists-capture-giant-squid?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

A ten foot giant squid washed ashore in western Japan and was taken into captivity. It is likely the first time a live specimen has been captured. The squid was transported to an aquarium in the city of Sakai. Not much is known about the species, as they are incredibly rare. A video of the giant squid in shallow waters is available in the article.

💻

### Programming, Design & Data Science

[### Introducing Service Level Management with New Relic (Sponsor)](https://newrelic.com/blog/nerdlog/service-level-management?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=community&utm_campaign=amer-fy23-q1-slm&utm_content=blog)

Manage service level objectives and service level indicators in New Relic with an easy, one-click setup and personalized views. Get started quickly and use the powerful recommendations engine to take the complexity and manual legwork away from establishing SLOs and SLIs. Learn more.

[### HyperUI (Website)](https://www.hyperui.dev/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

This site contains a collection of free Tailwind CSS components. The size of each component can be adjusted. Categories include alerts, buttons, carts, forms, tables, tags, and much more. The code for each component can be easily viewed and copied.

[### Atuin (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/ellie/atuin?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Atuin replaces shell history with an SQLite database and records additional context for commands. It can synchronize fully encrypted shell histories between machines and calculate statistics such as 'most used command'. Atuin can run on zsh, bash, and fish.

🎁

### Miscellaneous

[### Reddit officially launches its Community Funds program with a $1 million investment (2 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2022/04/25/reddit-community-funds-program-1-million-investment/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Reddit is investing $1 million into its Community Funds program. The program provides financial support to help Reddit users bring their ideas for events and projects to life. It has so far funded 13 projects nominated by communities on its platform, including a digital conference for history buffs and a billboard in Times Square. Reddit will start accepting submissions for projects needing up to $50,000 in funding in June.

[### Shanghai video overwhelms Chinese censor, gets 400m views (2 minute read)](https://austrianchina.substack.com/p/shanghai-video-gets-400m-views?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

A video of audio snippets from Shanghai recorded over the course of the lockdown posted on April 22 gained over 400 million views over the next day. While the content of the video comes across as fairly balanced, it triggered China's public opinion control system, which eventually resulted in it being completely blocked. Accounts forwarding the video were restricted following the incident. A subtitled copy of the video is available in the article.

## Get the most important tech, science, & coding news in a free daily email. Read by +1,250,000 software engineers and tech workers.

Subscribe

Join 1,250,000 readers for [one daily email](/api/latest/tech)

[Privacy](/privacy)[Careers](https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/tldr.tech)[Advertise](/tech/advertise)

Timestamp: 1744589656