Apple VR headset 👓, bacteria photosynthesis ☀️, negotiating tech salaries 💰

[TLDR](/)

[Newsletters](/newsletters)

[Advertise](https://advertise.tldr.tech/)

[TLDR](/)

# TLDR 2022-02-22

## Apple VR headset 👓, bacteria photosynthesis ☀️, negotiating tech salaries 💰

### 

[### Adevinta - Building scalable components for +40 marketplaces in 15 countries (Sponsor)](https://medium.com/@adevinta/list/adevinta-reading-list-a791e632ef79?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=newsletter_sponsorship&utm_id=tldr_newsletter)

In our reading list, you’ll find stories on how to update Redis clusters, switch to Terraform, and capitalise on migration efforts to save on cost. You’ll also learn how we build Machine Learning at scale and how it impacts data governance and platformisation.

📱

### Big Tech & Startups

[### Apple Reportedly Completes Production Tests for AR/VR Headset (1 minute read)](https://www.macrumors.com/2022/02/21/apple-completes-ar-vr-headset-production-tests/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Apple has completed key production tests for its long-rumored augmented and virtual reality headset. The headset is now expected to debut by the end of 2022 for around $3,000. It is rumored to feature a lightweight design, two 4K micro-LED displays, 15 optical modules, two main processors, Wi-Fi 6E connectivity, eye tracking, a see-through AR mode, object tracking, hand gesture controls, and more. Apple has been rumored to be working on the headset's operating system since 2017.

[### Amazon's sprawling grocery business has become an 'expensive hobby' with a cloudy future (12 minute read)](https://www.cnbc.com/2022/02/19/amazons-sprawling-grocery-business-has-become-an-expensive-hobby.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Despite spending billions on developing services and technologies to become a grocery market giant, Amazon is still just a niche player in the industry. Its delivery services have failed to stand out in a crowded field and its Go automated convenience stores have been deprioritized. The technology Amazon implemented in its stores was novel, but it didn't add any value to the shopping experience. Groceries were not a big topic on Amazon's fourth-quarter results call earlier this month.

🚀

### Science & Futuristic Technology

[### Sound waves convert stem cells into bone in regenerative breakthrough (2 minute read)](https://newatlas.com/medical/sound-waves-stem-cells-bone/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Scientists in Australia have found a way to induce stem cells to turn into bone cells quickly and efficiently by using high-frequency sound waves. Collecting the cells needed to grow bone is usually painful and the process is hard to scale. The new method is cheap, simple to use, and can be easily scaled. It uses cells that can be obtained from fat tissue and the cells it produces can be injected into the body at the required site, removing the need for drugs to coax stem cells down a path and making the process faster and more efficient.

[### A Mysterious Desert Bacterium Has Evolved Its Own, Unique Ability to Photosynthesize (3 minute read)](https://www.sciencealert.com/ancient-photosynthesising-complex-discovered-in-mysterious-bacterium?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Researchers have discovered a species of bacteria from the Gobi desert that can photosynthesize using a unique structure. It obtained the genes for photosynthesis from an ancient proteobacterium, demonstrating the power of bacteria's horizontal gene-transfer skills. The bacteria has a central reaction center, an inner sunlight-capturing ring, and an outer ring, making it larger than other photosynthesizing bacteria. Its structure could hold the secrets to building a future of solar-powered synthetic biology.

💻

### Programming, Design & Data Science

[### Find a job through Hired (Sponsor)](https://hired.com/join/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=sponsor&utm_campaign=(b2c)(l-all)(r-all)(tldrnewsletter)&utm_content=find-a-job)

Hired is home to thousands of companies ranging from startups to Fortune 500s that are actively hiring the best and brightest developers, data scientists, mobile engineers, and more. Here’s how it works: once you create a profile, hiring managers can extend interview requests based on desired salary, top skills, and career preferences. Sign up today - it’s completely free for job-seekers!

[### Ten Rules for Negotiating a Job Offer (23 minute read)](https://haseebq.com/my-ten-rules-for-negotiating-a-job-offer/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Most people don't negotiate, or if they do, they only do so enough to tell themselves that they did. Negotiation is a skill that can be learned just like any other. This article discusses the negotiating process and how to succeed in job negotiations. It teaches readers how to ask for what they want so they can have more successful careers and earn what they deserve.

[### Prisma Client Python (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/robertcraigie/prisma-client-py?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Prisma Client Python is an auto-generated and fully type-safe database client. It can be used in any Python backend application. Prisma features full type safety and native support for usage with or without async, recursive and pseudo-recursive types, atomic updates, partial type generation, and more. It supports PostgreSQL, MySQL, SQLite, MongoDB, and SQL Server.

🎁

### Miscellaneous

[### Go read this report on a fake company that tricked real people into working for it (3 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2022/2/21/22944137/bbc-news-fake-company-investigation-jobfished-madbird?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Madbird is a fake design company led by a social media influencer. It had dozens of real employees around the world, but most of the company consisted of people working there for free in hopes of eventually making money after landing big projects. Madbird listed people who had no association with the company as senior members on its website and filled up its Zoom calls with fake employees. It used a fake address in London as its office. Links to a write-up and a documentary about the story of Madbird are available in the article.

[### Apple re-releases Oscar-nominated ‘CODA’ in theaters for free (1 minute read)](https://www.engadget.com/apple-coda-free-screenings-202524872.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Apple is re-releasing its Oscar-nominated film CODA in theatres in a limited run of free screenings with open captions. The film, which is about a deaf family, has received three Oscar nominations. Screenings will run in all major cities in the US and London from February 25 to 27. A trailer for the film is available in the article.

## Get the most important tech, science, & coding news in a free daily email. Read by +1,250,000 software engineers and tech workers.

Subscribe

Join 1,250,000 readers for [one daily email](/api/latest/tech)

[Privacy](/privacy)[Careers](https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/tldr.tech)[Advertise](/tech/advertise)

Timestamp: 1744589642