Pixel 7 prototype leaks 📱, next-gen self driving 🚗, vanity phone numbers 📞

[TLDR](/)

[Newsletters](/newsletters)

[Advertise](https://advertise.tldr.tech/)

[TLDR](/)

# TLDR 2022-05-31

## Pixel 7 prototype leaks 📱, next-gen self driving 🚗, vanity phone numbers 📞

### 

[### Guide: What is SOC 2 and Why Do Startups Need It? (Sponsor)](https://vpdae.com/redirect/pzhvka3gbfr920nndqblujrd11i)

To land enterprise deals, your business needs SOC 2. But getting SOC 2 compliant is complex, time-consuming, and expensive. Uncomplicate SOC 2 with our guide for growth-minded founders. Turn compliance from a pain point into a competitive advantage.Download Now

📱

### Big Tech & Startups

[### Google Pixel 7 prototype shows up online with textured metal frame (2 minute read)](https://9to5google.com/2022/05/30/pixel-7-ebay-prototype/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

An early prototype of the Pixel 7 recently showed up on eBay and was quickly taken down. The device featured a glossy glass back and a new metal camera bar. Google already revealed the design at its I/O event, but the leak confirms that the device will lose the matte black frame that the Pixel 6 had. It also confirms that the Pixel 7 will have 128GB of storage. The leaked pictures are available in the article.

[### AMD-Powered Frontier Supercomputer Breaks the Exascale Barrier, Now Fastest in the World (4 minute read)](https://www.tomshardware.com/news/amd-powered-frontier-supercomputer-breaks-the-exascale-barrier-now-fastest-in-the-world?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

The AMD-powered Frontier supercomputer is the first officially recognized exascale supercomputer in the world. It ranks first on the Top500 list of the world's fastest supercomputers and is faster than the next seven supercomputers on the list combined. Frontier also ranks as the fastest AI system on the planet. It runs on the most power-efficient supercomputing architecture in the world. More details, including benchmark results and pictures of the supercomputer, are available in the article.

🚀

### Science & Futuristic Technology

[### The big new idea for making self-driving cars that can go anywhere (7 minute read)](https://archive.ph/kuuas#selection-2461.6-2461.137?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

A group of startups is using end-to-end learning to teach self-driving cars how to drive. Despite investors sinking more than $100 billion into self-driving car technology, driverless tech is still stuck in the pilot phase. The current approach to driverless car technology uses a robotics mindset, which is hard to build and maintain. The startups are building neural networks that can figure out how to drive themselves using new AI techniques. More details about the new approach and the startups trying to build the next generation of self-driving cars are available in the article.

[### Researchers use humanoid robots to grow human tendon tissue (3 minute read)](https://interestingengineering.com/humanoid-robot-human-tendon-tissue?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Researchers from the University of Oxford and robotics company Devanthro engineered a robotic shoulder to function as a stretching mechanism to produce lifelike human tendon tissue. The team grew cells on the robotic joint using a strategically placed bioreactor over two weeks, bending and twisting the joint in human-like ways for 30 minutes each day. More work still needs to be done to determine if the new method was an improvement over traditional methods. The approach has been attempted before with living muscle tissue grown from rat cells.

💻

### Programming, Design & Data Science

[### Project Templates for Data Scientists (Sponsor)](https://www.projectpro.io/?utm_source=newsletter&amp;utm_medium=tldr&amp;utm_campaign=may_edition)

Stop going to multiple online forums to hack together solutions. ProjectPro has ready-made professional project templates for data extraction, data analysis, data visualization, model deployment, and more. Learn more.

[### Dragonfly (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/dragonflydb/dragonfly?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Dragonfly is a modern, scalable in-memory data store. It is fully compatible with Redis and Memcached. Dragonfly scales vertically to handle millions of QPS and hundreds of GBs of memory on a single instance. Benchmark results are available.

[### Two lines of CSS that boosts 7x rendering performance! (2 minute read)](https://dev.to/mnathani/two-lines-of-css-that-boosts-7x-rendering-performance-4mjd?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Websites need to be optimal and performant as people have very short attention spans. This article presents two lines of CSS code that boost rendering performance by approximately 7x. It explains how the code works and provides alternatives. The code is most useful when a website needs to render a huge list/grid of data at the mount of the application.

🎁

### Miscellaneous

[### Getting a phone number with 4 consecutive digits (4 minute read)](https://blog.jonlu.ca/posts/verizon-rare-numbers?ref=ls?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

It can be handy to have access to multiple phone numbers. Verizon's My Numbers service allows users to have extra numbers, but the UI is bad and the interface is slow. This article follows a developer's process of figuring out how to access the My Numbers service programmatically in order to automate the search for a number with four consecutive digits. It involves learning how to find out which API endpoints are used and then calling the APIs using Python.

[### China reportedly found massive amounts of uranium at a depth of 10,000 feet (2 minute read)](https://interestingengineering.com/china-reportedly-found-uranium?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Nuclear authorities in China have discovered rich uranium deposits at depths of almost 10,000 feet. The discovery could increase the country's total reserves of uranium 10-fold to more than two million tonnes. Uranium was thought to concentrate mainly in shallow, geophysically stable areas, but recent finds by China have been more than 4,920 feet below the surface in regions that have experienced large tectonic movements. A new method for detecting uranium developed by China could help other countries find hidden uranium deposits.

## Get the most important tech, science, & coding news in a free daily email. Read by +1,250,000 software engineers and tech workers.

Subscribe

Join 1,250,000 readers for [one daily email](/api/latest/tech)

[Privacy](/privacy)[Careers](https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/tldr.tech)[Advertise](/tech/advertise)

Timestamp: 1744589663