M2 Macbooks 💻, Meta cuts employee perks 🧺, inflation salary adjustments 💸  

[TLDR](/)

[Newsletters](/newsletters)

[Advertise](https://advertise.tldr.tech/)

[TLDR](/)

# TLDR 2022-03-14

## M2 Macbooks 💻, Meta cuts employee perks 🧺, inflation salary adjustments 💸

### 

[### Free eBook: Migrating Workloads to The Alternative Cloud (Sponsor)](https://www.linode.com/content/cloud-computing-migration-to-alternative-cloud/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter_sponsorship&utm_campaign=&utm_content=&utm_term=)

Make the best choice when it comes to your move to the alternative cloud. In this free eBook, learn about three migrations and which one is best to address your needs. From analysis and planning to testing and production deployment, this guide walks you through every step in your migration approach. This content is free to download with no registration required. Download Now.

📱

### Big Tech & Startups

[### New MacBook Air and 13-inch MacBook Pro with M2 coming later this year (3 minute read)](https://9to5mac.com/2022/03/10/exclusive-new-macbook-air-and-13-inch-macbook-pro-with-m2-coming-later-this-year/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

New MacBooks with the M2 chip are coming later this year. The next-generation MacBook Air and 13-inch MacBook Pro are expected to have M2 versions. The M2 will feature a powerful 10-core GPU and replace the current entry-level M1. It will likely not be better than the high-end M1 Pro, M1 Max, and M1 Ultra processors. There are no set release dates yet for the machines, but they will likely be introduced in June at WWDC and released later in the year.

[### Moderna Will Develop mRNA Vaccines for 15 of the World’s Worst Diseases (3 minute read)](https://singularityhub.com/2022/03/10/moderna-to-develop-mrna-vaccines-for-15-diseases-that-threaten-global-health/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Moderna has announced plans to develop mRNA vaccines against 15 different pathogens. mRNA vaccines are essentially plug and play, so scientists can add in codes specific to the virus they hope to protect against without having to develop and manufacture an entirely new formula. They are also easy to scale in production at a relatively low cost, making it possible to screen multiple vaccine candidates with low resources. Moderna will prioritize viruses classified as persistent global health threats. It aims to have all 15 vaccines in clinical trials by 2025.

🚀

### Science & Futuristic Technology

[### Programmable Blocks Tease Self-Assembling Space Structures (3 minute read)](https://spectrum.ieee.org/self-configurable-electrovoxel?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Scientists at MIT's Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory have developed modular robotic cubes that use embedded electromagnets to move called ElectroVoxels. The cubes have wires embedded into their edges and can attract or repel each other depending on their configuration. They can be programmed and easily and cheaply manufactured. The ElectroVoxels could be used effectively in space as reconfigurable robots or to help build temporary structures. Pictures of the ElectroVoxels are available in the article.

[### A nuclear fusion device pushes plasma to a record-breaking 100 million degrees (2 minute read)](https://interestingengineering.com/nuclear-fusion-plasma-record?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

UK-based Tokamak Energy has broken a world record in nuclear fusion by achieving a plasma temperature of 100 million degrees Celsius, the threshold required for commercial fusion energy. It achieved the milestone in only 5 years at the cost of less than £50 million. The company will now upgrade the tokamak to test other new fusion technologies. Its research will inform the design of a fusion power plant estimated to start operation in the early 2030s.

💻

### Programming, Design & Data Science

[### Use third-party data to simplify mobile app personalization (Sponsor)](https://pages.awscloud.com/adx-webinar-adx-stay-trendy.html?trk=a32aebe2-9fdb-4d55-8cca-92a0aabc6516&sc_channel=el)

In highly competitive sectors, it’s not enough to build user-friendly applications. As end-user savvy increases, so does the expectation for immediate and effortless personalization. Join this webinar to hear how industry thought leaders are successfully deploying Foursquare data with AWS solutions to stay up to date with customer demand and maintain the best app experiences.

[### HUBFS (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/winfsp/hubfs?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

HUBFS is a file system for GitHub and Git. It represents git repositories and their contents as regular directories and editable files that can be accessed by any application. HUBFS works in Windows, macOS, and Linux.

[### Nickel (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/tweag/nickel/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Nickel is a language for generating static configuration files to be fed into another system. It can be used to generate complex configurations for apps, machines, whole infrastructures, or build systems.

🎁

### Miscellaneous

[### Ask HN: Is your company considering inflation in this year's comp review cycle? (HackerNews Thread)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=30635501)

Companies often give raises that are lower than the rate of inflation, despite employees receiving excellent performance ratings. This can cause employee dissatisfaction, especially when they realize that they can get paid more by switching jobs. This HackerNews thread discusses annual raises, what people usually get and expect, why companies might not consider inflation when calculating raises, job-hopping, and more. Many times budgets and other factors restrict managers' abilities to give higher raises and the salary may still be acceptable without a significant raise.

[### Meta employees say goodbye to perks like on-site laundry (2 minute read)](https://www.engadget.com/meta-employees-say-goodbye-to-perks-like-on-site-laundry-234802801.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Meta is cutting the free laundry and dry-cleaning services at its offices. It will also begin serving dinner after the last shuttle departs campus, meaning that employees will have to choose between a free meal or a free ride home. Meta will be increasing annual employee wellness stipends from $700 to $3,000 per year to account for the changes.

## Get the most important tech, science, & coding news in a free daily email. Read by +1,250,000 software engineers and tech workers.

Subscribe

Join 1,250,000 readers for [one daily email](/api/latest/tech)

[Privacy](/privacy)[Careers](https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/tldr.tech)[Advertise](/tech/advertise)

Timestamp: 1744589647