Linux smartphone 📱, quantum batteries 🔋, downsides of FAANG jobs 👨‍💻

[TLDR](/)

[Newsletters](/newsletters)

[Advertise](https://advertise.tldr.tech/)

[TLDR](/)

# TLDR 2022-01-18

## Linux smartphone 📱, quantum batteries 🔋, downsides of FAANG jobs 👨‍💻

### 

[### How Verizon connects the world with full observability from Pixie and New Relic (Sponsor)](https://newrelic.com/customers/verizon)

Verizon and New Relic team up to deliver observability at the edge, unlocking powerful performance insights and unprecedented network intelligence transforming how developers innovate. Learn how New Relic helps Verizon get visibility into their 5G Edge Network hosted on AWS.

📱

### Big Tech & Startups

[### The PinePhone Pro brings upgraded hardware to the Linux phone (3 minute read)](https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2022/01/the-pinephone-pro-brings-upgraded-hardware-to-the-linux-phone/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Pine64 is now taking preorders for the PinePhone Pro, the fastest mainline Linux smartphone on the market. It features a removable back with privacy dip switches to kill the modem and pogo pins that support a variety of attachable backs that can add extra functionality. The phone is designed for users who want to use a Linux-only smartphone and are willing to accept software limitations. It will start shipping on January 24.

[### Google wants to make it easier for you to send yourself files (2 minute read)](https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2022/01/google-wants-to-make-it-easier-for-you-to-send-yourself-files/?comments=1?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Google recently added a new feature called Self Share that allows users to easily share data between Android and Chrome OS devices. It uses Bluetooth, WebRTS, and peer-to-peer Wi-Fi to send files directly. The feature still needs to go through the Chrome OS Canary developer flag stage before Chrome OS users will see it on their devices.

🚀

### Science & Futuristic Technology

[### Proof of concept verifies physics that could enable quantum batteries (3 minute read)](https://newatlas.com/energy/quantum-battery-proof-concept-fast-charging/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

A quantum effect called superabsorption allows a collection of molecules to absorb light more efficiently than if each molecule were acting individually. Researchers have used this phenomenon to create a proof-of-concept quantum battery. The larger the battery was, the faster it charged, demonstrating superabsorption at work. Quantum battery research could result in fast-charging electric vehicles or energy storage systems that can deal with bursts of energy.

[### CPUs Could Use 85 Percent Fewer Transistors With New Adaptive Tech (4 minute read)](https://www.tomshardware.com/news/researchers-develop-intelligent-transistors-uses-85-percent-fewer-transistors?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Researchers from the Vienna University of Technology have developed a new transistor design that can change its configuration according to workload requirements. The technology enables using up to 85% fewer transistors than current approaches, reducing power consumption and temperatures and allowing for higher frequency scaling and performance. The transistors can be made by existing tools using materials that are already used in the semiconductor industry. While production of the transistors can be rapidly scaled and deployed, initial adoption will likely be limited.

💻

### Programming, Design & Data Science

[### Teleport's 2022 Security Speaker Series (Sponsor)](https://goteleport.com/security-visionaries-2022/?utm_campaign=eg&utm_medium=partner&utm_source=tldr)

Come hear what some of the world’s foremost security experts such as Troy Hunt and Michael Coates see on the security horizon for 2022. Join today.

[### Best-practice-for-network-segmentation (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/sergiomarotco/network-segmentation-cheat-sheet?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

This repository contains best practices for segmentation of the corporate network of any company. It discusses four levels of network segmentation and outlines the advantages and disadvantages of each implementation. Detailed diagrams are provided in each section.

[### 10 real-world stories of how we’ve compromised CI/CD pipelines (12 minute read)](https://research.nccgroup.com/2022/01/13/10-real-world-stories-of-how-weve-compromised-ci-cd-pipelines/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Attacks on continuous integration and continuous delivery/continuous deployment (CI/CD) pipelines have been on the rise as build pipelines are increasingly understood as highly-privileged targets with a substantial attack surface. This article shares 10 stories about CI/CD pipeline security assessments to demonstrate potential weak points and show what attacks may look like in practice. Most compromises are caused due to default configurations, overpermissive permissions and roles, a lack of security controls, and a lack of segmentation and segregation.

🎁

### Miscellaneous

[### Ask HN: What are the downsides of working at FAANG? (Hacker News Thread)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=29959736)

Working in a big tech company can sound like a dream role, but it may not be every talented developer's goal. This Hacker News thread discusses the reasons for not working in big tech. There are many reasons developers may not want to work in a big tech company, including culture, a lack of growth opportunity, bad work-life balance, the public image of the company, and the interview process. While some aspects of working for big tech can be bad, the replies agree that the compensation can make it worth it.

[### We don’t know why, but being in space causes us to destroy our blood (7 minute read)](https://arstechnica.com/science/2022/01/we-dont-know-why-but-being-in-space-causes-us-to-destroy-our-blood/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

New research has been released that shows that being in space causes the body to destroy red blood cells. A study has found that astronauts' bodies destroy red blood cells at a rate 54% higher in space compared to people on Earth, with some of the effect remaining at least a year after returning to Earth. The longer a person stays in space, the longer their bodies continue to destroy blood cells at a higher rate. It is unknown what is causing the effect.

## Get the most important tech, science, & coding news in a free daily email. Read by +1,250,000 software engineers and tech workers.

Subscribe

Join 1,250,000 readers for [one daily email](/api/latest/tech)

[Privacy](/privacy)[Careers](https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/tldr.tech)[Advertise](/tech/advertise)

Timestamp: 1744589635