Apple Studio Display 🖥️, SpaceX cybersecurity 🛰️, restoring dead pig brains 🧠

[TLDR](/)

[Newsletters](/newsletters)

[Advertise](https://advertise.tldr.tech/)

[TLDR](/)

# TLDR 2022-03-07

## Apple Studio Display 🖥️, SpaceX cybersecurity 🛰️, restoring dead pig brains 🧠

### 

[### Understand a complex codebase in minutes, not weeks (Sponsor)](https://about.sourcegraph.com/use-cases/?utm_medium=newsletter&utm_source=tldr&utm_content=dev-onboarding#accelerate-developer-onboarding)

Decrease time to first commit with self-serve onboarding, codebase exploration, and knowledge sharing. Improve dev velocity by making it easy to search and find code and context. Learn more.

📱

### Big Tech & Startups

[### Apple developing new 'Apple Studio Display' with 7K resolution (2 minute read)](https://appleinsider.com/articles/22/03/04/apple-developing-new-apple-studio-display-with-7k-resolution?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Apple is reportedly developing an Apple Studio Display with 7K resolution. It is unclear if the display will be a successor to the Pro Display XDR or if it will be a higher-resolution option in the same range. The display could feature a built-in A13 processor. No pricing details have been reported, but it will likely be less than the Pro Display XDR's $4,999 price tag.

[### Disney Plus to Add a Cheaper Tier With Ads Late This Year (3 minute read)](https://www.cnet.com/tech/services-and-software/disney-plus-to-add-cheaper-tier-with-ads-late-this-year/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Disney Plus is introducing a cheaper, ad-supported subscription in the US this year and internationally next year. It has not specified the new tier price or launch date. Many other streaming services offer tiers that include ads for a lower subscription price. Disney aims to reach 230 million to 260 million subscribers by 2024. It had almost 130 million subscribers at the beginning of this year.

🚀

### Science & Futuristic Technology

[### Yale scientists restore cellular function in 32 dead pig brains (5 minute read)](https://bigthink.com/surprising-science/zombie-pigs-brainex/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Researchers from the Yale School of Medicine used an artificial perfusion system called BrainEx to restore cellular function in the brains of 32 dead pigs killed hours earlier. BrainEx is a system that pumps an experimental solution into the brain to mimic blood flow. Some brains were kept alive for up to 36 hours. The brains never approached neural activity anywhere near consciousness due to preventative measures. This technology raises many ethical issues. Its use could shrink the pool of eligible organ donors.

[### DNA Gets Artificial Upgrade to Store Humanity's Boundless Digital Data (3 minute read)](https://www.cnet.com/news/dna-gets-artificial-upgrade-to-store-humanitys-boundless-digital-data/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

DNA can store a lot of data for a very long time. A gram of DNA can store several petabytes of data. DNA uses a system of four molecules called nucleotides to encode its information. A team of scientists added another seven nucleotides to DNA to increase its storage capacity. The method they used was able to encode and decode information perfectly over many trials. The decoding part of their method is universal, so it can be generalized to many other applications.

💻

### Programming, Design & Data Science

[### Build In-App Chat + Feeds, Faster (Sponsor)](https://getstream.io/chat/trial/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter&utm_medium=newsletter_content_ad&utm_content=developer&utm_campaign=tldrnewsletter_feb2022_chattrial)

Activate your free Stream Chat trial to start building today. Qualifying small teams and personal dev projects can also apply for the free-forever Stream Maker Account.

[### Zotonic (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/zotonic/zotonic?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Zotonic is a real-time web framework and content management system built with Erlang. It is fast and stable and features support for WebSockets, Comet, PostgreSQL, extensions, and more. A four-minute-long introductory video is available.

[### Design: #noFramework (25 minute read)](https://javarome.medium.com/design-noframework-bbc00a02d9b3?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

This article discusses the idea of not using frameworks in development. Frameworks can be good for specific cases, but they force developers into a rigid style of work that takes a lot of investment to learn. The article introduces alternatives to frameworks such as using standard APIs, libraries, templates, and other components.

🎁

### Miscellaneous

[### Cybercriminals who breached Nvidia issue one of the most unusual demands ever (3 minute read)](https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2022/03/cybercriminals-who-breached-nvidia-issue-one-of-the-most-unusual-demands-ever/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Lapsus$, a ransomware group that stole up to a terabyte of data from Nvidia, has told the company to let its graphics cards be used for faster cryptocurrency mining or it will release Nvidia's trade secrets. Nvidia's GPUs have a feature that looks for signs of the Ethereum mining algorithm and limits the hash rate by around 50%. The feature was designed to discourage miners from purchasing the GPUs as they were intended for gamers. Nvidia has not indicated if it will comply with the demands.

[### SpaceX shifts resources to cybersecurity to address Starlink jamming (3 minute read)](https://spacenews.com/spacex-shifts-resources-to-cybersecurity-to-address-starlink-jamming/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

SpaceX has changed its priorities to cyber defense and overcoming signal jamming after some Starlink terminals near conflict areas were jammed for several hours at a time. It has rolled out updates that bypass the jamming and reduce power consumption, allowing terminals to be powered by a car cigarette lighter. Starlink is the only non-Russian communications system that is still working in some parts of Ukraine, making terminals possible targets for Russian forces. The change in focus for the company will cause slight delays for Starship and Starlink V2.

## Get the most important tech, science, & coding news in a free daily email. Read by +1,250,000 software engineers and tech workers.

Subscribe

Join 1,250,000 readers for [one daily email](/api/latest/tech)

[Privacy](/privacy)[Careers](https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/tldr.tech)[Advertise](/tech/advertise)

Timestamp: 1744589645