Linux for Apple M1s 💻, breaking blood-brain barrier 🧠, killing passwords 🔑

[TLDR](/)

[Newsletters](/newsletters)

[Advertise](https://advertise.tldr.tech/)

[TLDR](/)

# TLDR 2022-03-21

## Linux for Apple M1s 💻, breaking blood-brain barrier 🧠, killing passwords 🔑

### 

[### Finally, useful engineering metrics you define. Meet Code Insights (Sponsor)](https://about.sourcegraph.com/code-insights/?utm_campaign=code-insights-ddg-tofu-fy23-q1&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_source=tldr&utm_content=website)

Transform your code into a queryable database to create customizable, visual dashboards in seconds. You can track everything in your codebase, from migrations to code smells, in a seamless and precise way based on the power and accuracy of Sourcegraph Code Search. Learn more.

📱

### Big Tech & Startups

[### Xbox Cloud Gaming now supports Steam Deck through Microsoft Edge (2 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/22985166/xbox-cloud-gaming-steam-deck-microsoft-edge-beta?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Microsoft has released a beta version of Microsoft Edge for the Steam Deck that includes support for the Steam Deck's controls. Steam Deck owners can now play Xbox Cloud Gaming games through the device. There are several Xbox Games Studios titles that can run natively on the Steam Deck. The Steam Deck can now run Windows. A link to Microsoft's instructions on how to use Xbox Cloud Gaming on the Steam Deck is available.

[### Asahi Linux Is The First Linux Distro To Support Apple Silicon (3 minute read)](https://www.tomshardware.com/news/asahi-linux-is-the-first-linux-distro-to-support-apple-silicon?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Asahi Linux for Apple Silicon is the first Linux distribution to offer native support for Apple M1 chips. It is now available in an alpha release targeted at developers and power users. Running the operating system will not require a jailbroken device and it won't affect the security level of any macOS installs on the machine. There are still a number of hardware features that don't work. A video showing a MacBook Air booting up Asahi Linux is available in the article.

🚀

### Science & Futuristic Technology

[### A.I. could open new routes to psychiatric treatments by mapping psychedelic trips in the brain (3 minute read)](https://interestingengineering.com/ai-psychiatric-treatments-mapping-brain?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=article&utm_content=19032022?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Researchers used artificial intelligence to map people's subjective experiences while using psychedelics to specific regions of the brain. The study involved analyzing self-reported psychedelic drug experiences and linking the most commonly used words with receptors in the brain known to bind to each drug. It found new links and patterns that confirm existing research. The insights could lead to new ways to produce desired treatment effects for a range of psychiatric conditions.

[### Mice Study Reveals a New Method to Unlock The Blood-Brain Barrier (3 minute read)](https://www.sciencealert.com/researchers-reveal-a-new-method-for-unlocking-the-blood-brain-barrier?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Scientists have found a way to control the blood-brain barrier at a molecular level and open it up for a couple of hours at a time. The absence of a molecule called Unc5B left the blood-brain barrier open in tests on adult mice. Researchers then developed an antibody to block the receptor that the molecule was binding to. This allowed the team to open up the blood-brain barrier for some time to promote drug delivery. The research could lead to better treatments for diseases like Alzheimer's, multiple sclerosis, and brain tumors.

💻

### Programming, Design & Data Science

[### Build In-App Chat + Feeds, Faster (Sponsor)](https://getstream.io/chat/trial/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter&utm_medium=newsletter_content_ad&utm_content=developer&utm_campaign=tldrnewsletter_feb2022_chattrial)

Activate your free Stream Chat trial to start building today. Qualifying small teams and personal dev projects can also apply for the free-forever Stream Maker Account.

[### Convoy (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/frain-dev/convoy?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Convoy is a fast & secure webhooks service. It features two retry mechanisms, a management UI, and the ability to fan-out events to multiple endpoints. More features, such as rate limiting, replay attacks prevention, and multiple ingest sources will be implemented soon.

[### AgnosticUI (Website)](https://bit.ly/3n5k7ts)

AgnosticUI is a set of UI primitives that work in React, Vue 3, Svelte, and vanilla JavaScript. The components use clean, semantic, and accessible HTML and decoupled standards-based CSS. They can be customized using CSS custom properties.

🎁

### Miscellaneous

[### A big bet to kill the password for good (8 minute read)](https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2022/03/a-big-bet-to-kill-the-password-for-good/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

The FIDO Alliance, an industry association that specifically works on secure authentication, has published a white paper on its vision for solving the usability issues associated with passwordless features. It identifies the process for switching or adding devices as being the main thing preventing passwordless schemes from achieving mass adoption. The proposed solution involves operating systems developing a credential management system that can sync between devices. It would allow people to use existing hardware to physically authenticate new devices. Introducing passwordless schemes will make phishing a thing of the past.

[### Open Source Maintainer Sabotages Code to Wipe Russian, Belarusian Computers (3 minute read)](https://www.vice.com/en/article/dypeek/open-source-sabotage-node-ipc-wipe-russia-belraus-computers?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

A software developer who maintains a repository for a popular networking tool, node-ipc, recently updated the software to make it add a file containing a message of peace to users' desktops. While the developer claims that the update only added the file, users in Belarus and Russia reported that it overwrote files on their computers with a heart emoji. The reaction to the update was extremely negative. The developer is now being targeted by hackers.

## Get the most important tech, science, & coding news in a free daily email. Read by +1,250,000 software engineers and tech workers.

Subscribe

Join 1,250,000 readers for [one daily email](/api/latest/tech)

[Privacy](/privacy)[Careers](https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/tldr.tech)[Advertise](/tech/advertise)

Timestamp: 1744589648