Google I/O announcements ⌚, iPhone switches to USB-C ⚡, Google Maps 3D mode 🗺️

[TLDR](/)

[Newsletters](/newsletters)

[Advertise](https://advertise.tldr.tech/)

[TLDR](/)

# TLDR 2022-05-12

## Google I/O announcements ⌚, iPhone switches to USB-C ⚡, Google Maps 3D mode 🗺️

### 

[### Hungry? - Lunch on us next week at the DX Summit virtual conference (Sponsor)](https://hub.dxsummit.com/2022-q2/begin?ref=tldr-evt&utm_campaign=dxs-act&utm_medium=web&utm_source=tldr.tech&utm_content=tldr-vu-051222)

As a TLDR subscriber, you're invited to the most influential technology and marketing event of the year! Register for free today and master new skills and network with the world’s most successful digital experience leaders. Join us on May 18 at 11am ET for our great lineup of speakers - including leaders from Google, HP, and Ribo AI as we discuss NextGen Customer Service Excellence through data and journey orchestration.Register today for this digital CX conference to receive a free Uber Eats voucher to use toward lunch delivery of your choice.

📱

### Big Tech & Startups

[### Kuo: iPhone 15 to Switch From Lightning to USB-C in 2023 (2 minute read)](https://www.macrumors.com/2022/05/11/iphone-15-ditch-lightning-for-usb-c/?scrolla=5eb6d68b7fedc32c19ef33b4?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

The iPhone 15 lineup will launch in the second half of 2023 and will feature a USB-C port, according to Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo. Apple has kept the Lightning port on the iPhone, despite most of the industry moving to USB-C. Pressure from the EU has forced Apple to change its stance. Apple may have had plans to keep the Lightning port on the iPhone until it was ready to go entirely port-less. Most of its iPad lineup already features USB-C.

[### Google’s biggest announcements at I/O 2022 (5 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2022/5/11/23066583/google-io-2022-biggest-announcements-pixel-watch-6a-buds-tablet?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Google's two-hour-long I/O keynote on Wednesday was packed with announcements on AI, Android, and Pixel hardware. The Pixel 6A will feature the Pixel 6's Tensor ship and design, but it will have a 12-megapixel camera. Google revealed the Pixel Watch, which will run an updated version of Wear OS 3 and feature Fitbit integration. It will be released later this year. The Pixel 7 and 7 Pro were teased at the event, with renders of the devices showing a slightly different camera cutout and back panel. Many more details about the announcements made at the keynote are available in the article.

🚀

### Science & Futuristic Technology

[### Samsung and LG preview the future of weird phone displays (3 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2022/5/11/23066618/lg-samsung-display-foldable-smartphones-360-degree-hinge-dual-fold?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Samsung and LG showed off new folding screen technologies during the annual Display Week conference this week. LG Display had an 8-inch foldable touchscreen that can fold both inwards and outwards. The 360-degree Foldable OLED can survive being folded over 200,000 times. Samsung Display showed off a display that can fold twice in the same direction and another that can fold once inwards and once outwards. It also had displays that can unfurl horizontally or vertically. Videos showing what the displays look like are available in the article.

[### Old Mice 'Rejuvenated' With Injections of Brain Fluid From The Young (3 minute read)](https://www.sciencealert.com/scientists-rejuvenate-the-memories-of-elderly-mice-by-injecting-them-with-young-mouse-cerebrospinal-fluid?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

A new study has found links between memory and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) in mice. The study found that older mice that were injected with CSF from younger mice had improved memory. CSF composition changes with age and these changes are used to assess brain health and disease biomarkers. The study found that CSF from younger mice resulted in brain cells producing more myelin, a material that covers and insulates neuron fibers, in the hippocampus, an area of the brain associated with memory formation. There is still a lot of research to be done before the technique can be tested in humans.

💻

### Programming, Design & Data Science

[### DevSecCon24 is back for 2022! (Sponsor)](https://www.devseccon.com/events/devseccon24?utm_campaign=event-dsc24-2022&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_source=tldr&utm_content=devseccon24)

DSC24 is the only free, global conference dedicated to DevSecOps. Learn best practices and testing methodologies from the community to bridge the divide between developers, operations, and security. Register now for free!

[### State of CSS 2022 (31 minute read)](https://web.dev/state-of-css-2022/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

This post is the article form of a talk given at Google I/O 2022 about CSS. With 14 features planned for implementation, 2022 is set to be one of CSS's greatest years. The post discusses new features that have already been integrated and also the features that will be integrated later this year and beyond.

[### Markdoc (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/markdoc/markdoc?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Markdoc is a Markdown-based syntax and toolchain for creating custom documentation sites and experiences. It was created to power Stripe's public docs. Examples are available on Markdoc's website.

🎁

### Miscellaneous

[### NVIDIA Releases Open-Source GPU Kernel Modules (6 minute read)](https://developer.nvidia.com/blog/nvidia-releases-open-source-gpu-kernel-modules/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

NVIDIA is now publishing Linux GPU kernel modules as open-source starting with the R515 driver release. This will significantly improve the experience of using Nvidia GPUs in Linux. It will also improve Nvidia GPU driver quality and security. Nvidia plans to publish a snapshot of the source code for each new driver release on GitHub. More details about the R515 release and what it means for users, developers, and Nvidia partners are available in the article.

[### Google Maps “immersive view” turns Maps into a 3D, SimCity-like simulation (2 minute read)](https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2022/05/google-maps-immersive-view-turns-maps-into-a-3d-simcity-like-simulation/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Google Maps' new Immersive View turns Google Maps into a 3D version of SimCity with AAA video game graphics. It can simulate traffic and weather using real-world data. Users will be able to see 3D layouts from some businesses. Immersive View will start rolling out in Los Angeles, London, New York, San Francisco, and Tokyo later this year. It will work on almost all phones and devices. A video that shows what the feature looks like is available in the article.

## Get the most important tech, science, & coding news in a free daily email. Read by +1,250,000 software engineers and tech workers.

Subscribe

Join 1,250,000 readers for [one daily email](/api/latest/tech)

[Privacy](/privacy)[Careers](https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/tldr.tech)[Advertise](/tech/advertise)

Timestamp: 1744589659