Android 12L 📱, Samsung Galaxy code hacked 👨‍💻, deliveries from space 🪂

[TLDR](/)

[Newsletters](/newsletters)

[Advertise](https://advertise.tldr.tech/)

[TLDR](/)

# TLDR 2022-03-08

## Android 12L 📱, Samsung Galaxy code hacked 👨‍💻, deliveries from space 🪂

### 

[### Ship 10x faster (Sponsor)](https://swarmia.co/34ug1ce)

Swarmia gives you visibility into your software development process, so you can speed up software delivery without compromising culture or quality."In just three months, Swarmia helped us decrease our average cycle time by 48%. As we keep growing, these insights will become increasingly important."- Jeremy Krebs Co-Founder & CTO of MateraStart shipping faster today!

📱

### Big Tech & Startups

[### Samsung confirms hackers stole Galaxy source code (2 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2022/3/7/22965220/samsung-hack-lapsus-galaxy-source-code-confirmed-nvidia?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Samsung has confirmed that hackers successfully stole internal company data and source code. Hacking group Lapsus$, who recently stole data from Nvidia, has claimed responsibility for the attack on Samsung. No personal data belonging to either customers or employees was stolen. It is unclear if any threats have been made to Samsung to try to extort specific concessions.

[### Tablet-focused Android 12L update rolls out, just not to any tablets (3 minute read)](https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2022/03/tablet-focused-android-12l-update-rolls-out-just-not-to-any-tablets/?comments=1?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Google has released Android 12L without any tablet hardware to run it on. The hardware will come later this year. Android 12L features a new taskbar UI, dual-pane UIs for the notification panel and system settings, and a new recent-apps view for bigger screens. An update will also roll out to Pixel 3a, 4, 4a, 5, and 5a devices. A Pixel 6 update will roll out later this month.

🚀

### Science & Futuristic Technology

[### Tiny 'skyscrapers' help bacteria convert sunlight into electricity (3 minute read)](https://techxplore.com/news/2022-03-tiny-skyscrapers-bacteria-sunlight-electricity.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

A team of researchers from the University of Cambridge has increased the amount of energy extractable from photosynthetic bacteria by over an order of magnitude. Scientists have been trying to rewire photosynthetic bacteria to extract more energy from them for several years. The breakthrough involved 3D printing a structure similar to a glass skyscraper that allows for a balance between surface area and light. The technique is more efficient than other current bioenergy technologies, such as biofuels.

[### Weird Startup Proposes Dropping Artificial Human Organs From Space (3 minute read)](https://futurism.com/the-byte/startup-artificial-organs-space?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Inversion Space is a startup that wants to store goods up in space in special capsules to be sent down to Earth when needed. The capsules could store things like artificial human organs, mobile hospital units, or other items and deliver them anywhere on the planet at blistering speeds. Inversion Space has already secured $10 million in seed money to fund the venture. Many major advances will be required before Inversion can realize its mission.

💻

### Programming, Design & Data Science

[### Find a job through Hired (Sponsor)](https://hired.com/join/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=sponsor&utm_campaign=(b2c)(l-all)(r-all)(tldrnewsletter)&utm_content=find-a-job)

Hired is home to thousands of companies ranging from startups to Fortune 500s that are actively hiring the best and brightest developers, data scientists, mobile engineers, and more. Here’s how it works: once you create a profile, hiring managers can extend interview requests based on desired salary, top skills, and career preferences. Sign up today - it’s completely free for job-seekers!

[### The Future of Micro-Frontends (11 minute read)](https://betterprogramming.pub/the-future-of-micro-frontends-2f527f97d506?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

This article looks at the current state of micro-frontends and how the approach can be improved in the future. It shares ideas and trends that are interesting to those in the micro-frontends community. Micro-frontends are components that can be built by different teams using different technologies and put together into a web application. The architecture is still young, but it has seen success across enterprise organizations globally.

[### lo (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/samber/lo?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

lo is a Lodash-style Go library based on Go 1.18+ Generics. Lodash is a JavaScript utility library for common programming tasks that uses the functional programming paradigm to help programmers write more concise and maintainable code. Benchmark results are available.

🎁

### Miscellaneous

[### How My Startup Was Almost Acquired by Facebook (8 minute read)](https://medium.com/swlh/how-my-startup-was-almost-acquired-by-facebook-c151793727ab?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

This article tells the story of how a startup was almost acquired by Facebook. It details how the company was founded, how it raised its initial investments, its growth, its dealings with Facebook, and the lessons learned from the process. The article gives an inside look at how Facebook approaches and evaluates companies.

[### Bitsy is the small video game engine with a big community (8 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/22929485/bitsy-tiny-video-game-engine?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Bitsy is a video game engine released five years ago that allows users to easily create narrative games in 8-bit pixel art. It has been used to tell jokes, write poems, and share stories. The app was originally created so the developer could make games on their phone while commuting to work. Bitsy now has a community of creators who make games as well as extensions to the engine. Links to several Bitsy games are available in the article.

## Get the most important tech, science, & coding news in a free daily email. Read by +1,250,000 software engineers and tech workers.

Subscribe

Join 1,250,000 readers for [one daily email](/api/latest/tech)

[Privacy](/privacy)[Careers](https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/tldr.tech)[Advertise](/tech/advertise)

Timestamp: 1744589645