SpaceX self-assembly 🚀, Elon's Twitter proposals 🐦,  reversing skin aging 🧴

[TLDR](/)

[Newsletters](/newsletters)

[Advertise](https://advertise.tldr.tech/)

[TLDR](/)

# TLDR 2022-04-11

## SpaceX self-assembly 🚀, Elon's Twitter proposals 🐦,  reversing skin aging 🧴

### 

[### Infrastructure as Code: Free Video Series (Sponsor)](https://event.on24.com/wcc/r/3531443/545594ba4bb1a1e5f958a643f3e55e01/3167416?partnerref=tldr)

Learn the fundamentals of leading Infrastructure as Code (IaC) tools by deploying Docker-based Python web applications. In this video course from Coding for Entrepreneurs, learn Terraform, Ansible, Salt (SaltStack), Puppet Bolt, and Chef. Watch it for free today!

📱

### Big Tech & Startups

[### Elon Musk Raises More Questions About Twitter's Approach, Which Could Lead to a Big Shake-Up (6 minute read)](https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/elon-musk-raises-more-questions-about-twitters-approach-which-could-lead/621867/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Elon Musk made a series of tweets on Saturday night, raising questions about the platform and the future of the company. He noted that the most popular accounts on Twitter are not very active and that bots were skewing Twitter's active user numbers. Musk suggested that Twitter Blue subscribers should get an authentication checkmark and be excluded from seeing ads. He also suggested that Twitter's home base be converted to a homeless shelter. More about Twitter's past, its current state, and what the future may be like for the company, is available in the article.

[### The SpaceX Ax-1 Mission Has Futuristic Self-Assembling Tech to Try Out (2 minute read)](https://www.cnet.com/science/space/the-spacex-ax-1-mission-has-futuristic-self-assembling-tech-to-try-out/#ftag=cad590a51e?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

SpaceX launched the first fully private mission, Axiom-1, to the International Space Station on Friday. The team will conduct studies involving an air filtration device, cellular biology, and a swarm of robotic tiles. The tiles are designed to self-assemble and are capable of sealing to create a pressurized environment. They could be used in the future to create habitats in space. A video showing how the tiles are designed to work is available in the article.

🚀

### Science & Futuristic Technology

[### Scientists Rewind The Clock of Human Skin Cells to Make Them Act 30 Years Younger (3 minute read)](https://www.sciencealert.com/scientists-rewind-the-age-of-human-skin-cells-back-30-years?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Scientists from the Babraham Institute in the UK have reset human skin cells to a more youthful state in terms of certain molecular measurements. Previous research found that it was possible to turn normal cells into stem cells, but these cells would lose their specific identity. The new technique stops before the stem cell state is reached, allowing the cell to retain its original identity and function. The mechanism behind the technique is not fully understood. The technique still needs to be tested on other types of cells in the body and assessed for safety before it can be used in clinical trials.

[### Could high-flying kites power your home? (11 minute read)](https://arstechnica.com/science/2022/04/could-high-flying-kites-power-your-home/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

At least 10 firms in Europe and the US are developing variations of kites to capture airborne wind energy. Airborne wind is the wind that can be found 200 meters or more above the ground. Kite power technology is still in its infancy. Most companies are working on small pilot projects and none have scaled their technology to the range that would make them comparable to conventional wind turbines. This article talks about several approaches to kite power that companies are currently experimenting with and discusses the potential for the technology.

💻

### Programming, Design & Data Science

[### Cut JS Debug Time in Half Using Airbrake (Sponsor)](https://airbrake.io/blog/airbrake-feature/meet-breadcrumbs?utm_campaign=tldr&utm_source=email&utm_content=4%2f11%20tldr)

Airbrake can tell you exactly where an error is in your app, right down to the line of broken code. Plus, it will show you what happened leading up to the error, including clicks, keypresses, navigational updates, and more. Click here to learn more about this cool Airbrake feature!

[### Reliably Send an HTTP Request as a User Leaves a Page (8 minute read)](https://css-tricks.com/send-an-http-request-on-page-exit/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

There's no guarantee that an in-process HTTP request will be successful when a page is terminated in the browser. Sending data on page termination can be very unreliable, which can be an issue when creating logs for data-sensitive business decisions. This article looks at why this happens and ways to make in-process HTTP requests more reliable.

[### RisingWave (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/singularity-data/risingwave?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

RisingWave is a cloud-native streaming database that uses SQL as the interface language. It consumes streaming data, performs continuous queries, and updates results dynamically. RisingWave can collect and transform data from streams, create materialized views for data, and perform data queries. Everything in RisingWave is done via Postgres-compatible SQL.

🎁

### Miscellaneous

[### Startup Says It’s About to Start Selling Lab-Grown Tiger Steaks to Restaurants (2 minute read)](https://futurism.com/the-byte/startup-lab-grown-tiger-steaks-restaurants?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Primeval Foods plans to cultivate and sell a range of exotic meats, including zebra, lion, elephant, and tiger. The lab-grown meat company uses small samples of tissues from healthy wild animals to create its meat. The animals are not killed in the process. Primeval Foods will preview its meats at a couple of Michelin-starred restaurants in London. Other startups, like Orbillion Bio, are also trying to create more novel types of lab-grown meats.

[### The era of fixing your own phone has nearly arrived (6 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/23017361/ifixit-right-to-repair-parts-google-samsung-valve-microsoft?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Google and Samsung have agreed to provide spare parts for their phones. The US made it legal to open up many devices for the purpose of repair last October. France's repairability scorecard system, which rates devices on how repairable they are, has had a significant effect on consumer choice. Studies on the system have shown that consumers are willing to give up on their favorite brand for products with a higher repairability score. Some types of repairs may still need to be done through the manufacturer.

## Get the most important tech, science, & coding news in a free daily email. Read by +1,250,000 software engineers and tech workers.

Subscribe

Join 1,250,000 readers for [one daily email](/api/latest/tech)

[Privacy](/privacy)[Careers](https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/tldr.tech)[Advertise](/tech/advertise)

Timestamp: 1744589653