Google Little Signals 💻, triggering lucid dreams 💭, uncommon CSS tricks 🎨

[TLDR](/)

[Newsletters](/newsletters)

[Advertise](https://advertise.tldr.tech/)

[TLDR](/)

# TLDR 2022-04-18

## Google Little Signals 💻, triggering lucid dreams 💭, uncommon CSS tricks 🎨

### 

[### Build live video products in minutes (Sponsor)](https://api.stream?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter-paid&utm_campaign=041822-primary)

api.stream is engineered for one purpose – to make it easy to build live streaming tools on world-class architecture. Flexible implementation options with clear documentation – whether adding new features to existing products, automating workflows, or launching an entirely new broadcast suite. As pioneers of cloud-native video, our global architecture has delivered for tech giants including Microsoft, Twitch, and Nvidia. Learn more.

📱

### Big Tech & Startups

[### Meta is launching Horizon Worlds on web and mobile (2 minute read)](https://9to5mac.com/2022/04/15/meta-is-launching-horizon-worlds-on-web-and-mobile/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Meta is working on web and mobile versions of Horizon Worlds. It is also considering creating versions for game consoles. There aren't many details about the web and mobile versions of the virtual reality platform except that creators will only be charged a 25% fee for purchases on the web platform compared to 47.5% in VR.

[### Google’s Little Signals concepts show what ‘ambient’ notifications could look like (3 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2022/4/15/23026074/google-little-signals-concept-diy-build-ambient-notifications?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Google's Little Signals project is a study in ambient computing. It consists of six devices that can display notifications in novel ways, for example, by blowing air or tapping on an object. All the plans and files for building the devices are available for free. A video overview of the Little Signals project is available in the article.

🚀

### Science & Futuristic Technology

[### Hologram Doctors Visit Space Station For The First Time Ever (2 minute read)](https://futurism.com/the-byte/hologram-doctors-space-station?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

A hologram medical team was 'holoported' aboard the International Space Station using Microsoft's Kinect camera and software from AEXA Aerospace, a startup that develops hologram tech. The technology could help humans communicate and explore in new ways over vast distances. NASA has been dabbling in hologram technology since 2016. AEXA's technology could make the 'holodecks' aboard Star Trek starships a reality.

[### There's a Reliable Way to Trigger Lucid Dreams, Scientists Have Found (3 minute read)](https://www.sciencealert.com/there-s-a-reliable-way-to-trigger-lucid-dreams-scientists-have-found?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

A common Alzheimer's drug used to treat memory decline may promote lucid dreaming. In a study of 121 participants who had experience in lucid dreaming, those who took the drug were able to enter the dream state at a significantly higher rate than those who took a placebo. The method could help scientists finally conduct proper research on lucid dreaming. The safety of the technique still hasn't been fully researched.

💻

### Programming, Design & Data Science

[### InfluxDB as an IoT Edge Historian: A Crawl/Walk/Run Approach (Sponsor)](https://www.influxdata.com/blog/influxdb-iot-edge-historian-crawl-walk-run-approach/?utm_source=vendor&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=2022-04-18_spnsr-nl_iot-edge-historian-approach&utm_content=tldr)

Three approaches to collecting data from edge devices. Edge devices have different capabilities, so finding the right solution for your use case may require a bit of trial and error, but here is how to get started. Learn more.

[### CSS Tips (7 minute read)](https://markodenic.com/css-tips/?source=reddit?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

CSS is a language used for describing the presentation of a document. It is one of the main technologies of the web. This website contains many CSS tips and tricks that aren't seen in most tutorials. Each tip comes with an interactive example.

[### How to Freaking Hire Great Developers (5 minute read)](https://freakingrectangle.wordpress.com/2022/04/15/how-to-freaking-hire-great-developers/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

This article discusses the coding interview process and suggests better ways to conduct them. Raw coding ability is the most important quality to look for when hiring developers. There are several issues with the typical coding interview that makes it a weak approach for finding good developers. A better approach would be to have a candidate read existing code and explain what it does and how it works. This type of interview will help discover which candidates have committed to extensive and deep practice in coding.

🎁

### Miscellaneous

[### Twitter adopts ‘poison pill’ plan to shield itself from Elon Musk takeover (3 minute read)](https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2022/apr/15/twitter-poison-pill-elon-musk-takeover?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Twitter's board has unanimously approved a plan to allow existing shareholders to buy stocks at a substantial discount in order to prevent Elon Musk's hostile takeover attempt. The 'poison pill' tactic will go into effect if a shareholder acquires more than 15% of the company without approval by the board before April 2023. Other parties have expressed interest in buying Twitter. Musk is facing legal action over his Twitter purchase for failing to disclose the buy before the required deadline to do so. He is also facing a number of investigations by the SEC for other investment activities.

[### GitHub Says Hackers Breach Dozens of Organizations Using Stolen OAuth Access Tokens (2 minute read)](https://thehackernews.com/2022/04/github-says-hackers-breach-dozens-of.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

GitHub has discovered evidence that hackers are using stolen OAuth user tokens to download private data from several organizations. OAuth tokens are one of the most common tools used for accessing data without having to share credentials. The stolen OAuth tokens were believed to have been obtained through a set of unspecified private NPM repositories and not through a breach of GitHub or its systems. GitHub is still assessing the extent of the attack.

## Get the most important tech, science, & coding news in a free daily email. Read by +1,250,000 software engineers and tech workers.

Subscribe

Join 1,250,000 readers for [one daily email](/api/latest/tech)

[Privacy](/privacy)[Careers](https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/tldr.tech)[Advertise](/tech/advertise)

Timestamp: 1744589654