Twitter integrates TOR 🌐, TikTok's music platform 🎵, tech job hunt tips 💼

[TLDR](/)

[Newsletters](/newsletters)

[Advertise](https://advertise.tldr.tech/)

[TLDR](/)

# TLDR 2022-03-10

## Twitter integrates TOR 🌐, TikTok's music platform 🎵, tech job hunt tips 💼

### 

[### Compliance Doesn't Have to be Complicated (Sponsor)](https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=br_jan)

“But are you SOC 2 compliant?” Don’t let that question hold up deals.Drata has built the world’s most advanced continuous automation platform for SOC 2, ISO 27001, HIPAA, & PCI DSS. With 50 + integrations, you can connect to your tech stack, start collecting evidence, and gain a real-time view of your security posture.TLDR subscribers: save 10% and get your free compliance assessment.

📱

### Big Tech & Startups

[### Twitter is launching a Tor service for more secure and private tweeting (3 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2022/3/8/22967843/twitter-tor-onion-service-version-launch?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Twitter has launched a Tor version of its site. Tor is a privacy-protecting and censorship-evading network. Tor sites, also known as 'onion' sites, can only be accessed while using Tor Browser or a similar tool. Twitter’s onion site will provide more layers of protection over accessing the ordinary website through Tor. Creating a Tor service will help fix functionality issues for Tor users, who are frequently incorrectly flagged as botnets. A link to Twitter's Tor service is available in the article.

[### TikTok launches a music distribution platform, SoundOn (3 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2022/03/09/tiktok-launches-a-music-distribution-platform-soundon/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

SoundOn is TikTok's new music marketing and distribution platform. It allows artists to upload their music directly to multiple streaming platforms and TikTok. SoundOn will distribute the music for free and pay 100% of royalties to creators on Bytedance-owned platforms. 100% of royalties on other platforms will still be paid for the first year, but payments will drop to 90% after. Artists will retain all rights to their music. The service is now fully available in the US, UK, Brazil, and Indonesia.

🚀

### Science & Futuristic Technology

[### Anti-viral drugs can successfully make old human eggs young again (2 minute read)](https://interestingengineering.com/anti-viral-eggs-young?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Women are born with all the eggs they will ever have, and the quality of chromosomes and DNA within each egg declines with age, resulting in less chance of pregnancy with older age. A team of researchers from Israel have shown that treating mouse eggs with an antiviral medicine can reverse the age of older eggs. The reverse-aged eggs haven't been tested yet against fertilization, but they may provide hope for women over 40 who want to be mothers. The researchers hope that the technology will be available for human use within the next 10 years.

[### Tiny, Solid-State Lidar Raises Stakes in the Megapixel Race (4 minute read)](https://spectrum.ieee.org/solid-state-lidar?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

A team of engineers at the University of California, Berkeley, have created a solid-state LIDAR with 16,384 pixels integrated onto a 110-square-millimeter silicon photonic chip. It can cover a field of view of around 70 degrees at a range of 10 meters with a resolution of 1.7 centimeters. The engineers have plans for improving the sensor's performance. The device can be mass-produced using standard semiconductor processes in commercial CMOS foundries. High-resolution LIDAR will allow for better self-navigating cars and drones, more accurate 3D map generation, mobile 3D sensing for augmented reality, and more.

💻

### Programming, Design & Data Science

[### What is kubectl? (Sponsor)](https://goteleport.com/blog/what-is-kubectl/?utm_campaign=eg&utm_medium=partner&utm_source=tldr)

kubectl is the command-line tool most developers use to interact with the Kubernetes API. Here's how it works, why it's needed, and how you can get started. Learn more.

[### Minze (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/n6ai/minze?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Minze is a simple JavaScript framework for native web components. It features a fully typed API, lifecycle hooks, scoped styles, one-shot components registration, and more. Minze is framework agnostic and its components can be used anywhere.

[### Lessons From A Tech Job Search (13 minute read)](https://blog.nindalf.com/posts/tech-interview/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

This article details the process of searching for a job in tech. It follows the author through the application, screening, interview, and negotiation processes, breaking down each process and how to prepare for them. The article specifies the companies that the author applied to and interviewed for so readers have a better picture of what specific companies are like.

🎁

### Miscellaneous

[### Clipchamp is Microsoft’s new video editing app for Windows 11 (3 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2022/3/9/22969250/clipchamp-windows-11-microsoft-video-editing-app?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Microsoft will be preinstalling Clipchamp on all new Windows 11 devices. Clipchamp is a browser-based video editing app that supports trimming, splitting, transitions, filters, screen recording, text-to-speech, and more. Microsoft is also rolling out updates for Search and updated designs and names for some apps in Windows 11. The features will roll out gradually over many months.

[### A man who got the 1st pig heart transplant has died after 2 months (3 minute read)](https://www.npr.org/2022/03/09/1085420836/pig-heart-transplant?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

The first person to receive a heart transplant from a pig has died two months after the operation. No exact cause of death has been announced. The patient survived significantly longer than other patients in previous attempts at xenotransplantation. The experiment provided doctors with invaluable insights, adding to other research involving gene-edited pig organs.

## Get the most important tech, science, & coding news in a free daily email. Read by +1,250,000 software engineers and tech workers.

Subscribe

Join 1,250,000 readers for [one daily email](/api/latest/tech)

[Privacy](/privacy)[Careers](https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/tldr.tech)[Advertise](/tech/advertise)

Timestamp: 1744589646