Apple WWDC 📱, Tesla layoffs 🚗, creator-friendly search engine 🔎

[TLDR](/)

[Newsletters](/newsletters)

[Advertise](https://advertise.tldr.tech/)

[TLDR](/)

# TLDR 2022-06-06

## Apple WWDC 📱, Tesla layoffs 🚗, creator-friendly search engine 🔎

### 

[### WireGuard and Two-Factor Authentication (Sponsor)](https://tailscale.com/features/ssh/)

Tailscale is the easiest way to use WireGuard with two-factor authentication. Get started in less than 5 minutes, our free plan is free forever. Learn more.

📱

### Big Tech & Startups

[### What to expect at WWDC 2022: iOS 16, M2, and more (10 minute read)](https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2022/06/what-to-expect-at-wwdc-2022-ios-16-m2-and-more/?comments=1?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Apple's annual World Wide Developer Conference starts today with a keynote at 10 AM. It will be the first time since the Covid-19 pandemic that there will be a significant in-person audience for the event. The next major release of iOS is expected to be the star of the show for this year's WWDC. Other announcements expected at the event involve iPad OS 16, macOS 13, watchOS 9, tvOS 15, rOS and AR/VR, the MacBook Air and other M2 Macs, and the Mac Pro. Details about the rumored announcements are available in the article.

[### Elon Musk orders hiring freeze, warns of job cuts in latest leaked email (2 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2022/06/03/elon-musk-orders-hiring-freeze-warns-of-job-cuts-in-latest-leaked-email/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Elon Musk has directed executives to pause all hiring for Tesla and prepare for job cuts. Musk recently told employees to quit if they didn't want to return to work in the office. 10% of Tesla's workforce will be cut. The company and its subsidiaries currently employ 99,290 people across its factories and facilities around the world.

🚀

### Science & Futuristic Technology

[### Researchers Just Set a New Record For Data Transmission Speed (3 minute read)](https://www.sciencealert.com/researchers-just-set-a-new-record-for-data-transmission-speed?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

A team at the National Institute of Information and Communications Technology in Japan has set a new record for data transmission by sending 1.02 petabits per second over 51.7 kilometers. A 0.125 mm diameter multi-core fiber with wavelength division multiplexing that sent a total of 801 parallel wavelength channels was used for the experiment. Various other optimizations, such as using four cores, signal boosting, and decoding technologies were also used. The feat was achieved using an optical fiber network similar to those used currently for internet infrastructure, making future upgrades to this technology easier.

[### Secret of squid invisibility used to turn human cells transparent (3 minute read)](https://newatlas.com/science/engineered-human-cells-transparent-squid-proteins/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Scientists from the University of California, Irvine have created human cells with tunable transparency. They genetically engineered human embryonic kidney cells to express reflectin, a protein that allows squids to scatter light and become invisible. The reflectin in the modified cells behaved almost as they did in their native cephalopod cells. The transparency of the cells could be controlled by altering the sodium levels of their environment.

💻

### Programming, Design & Data Science

[### Developer-friendly Real-Time Video (Sponsor)](https://www.mux.com/blog/introducing-real-time-video?utm_campaign=tldr%20newsletter&amp;utm_source=tldr%20newsletter&amp;utm_medium=newsletter&amp;utm_content=tldrnewsletter_q222-june06)

Mux’s Real-Time Video integrates seamlessly with live and on-demand video, all in one API. Now you can build better real-time experiences — all with best-in-class video infrastructure. Learn more.

[### A beginner’s guide to CI/CD and automation on GitHub (6 minute read)](https://github.blog/2022-06-03-a-beginners-guide-to-ci-cd-and-automation-on-github/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

GitHub Actions is a CI/CD tool that runs alongside code in GitHub. It can cut release times down to five minutes and revert releases with the touch of a button if any issues come up. There are more than 13,000 pre-written and tested workflows and pre-built automations in the GitHub Marketplace. This article talks about how GitHub Actions works, how it can improve workflow, and different GitHub Action workflows for common use cases. A video showing how to create custom GitHub Actions is available.

[### Plasmo Framework (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/plasmohq/plasmo?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

The Plasmo Framework is a browser extension SDK that allows developers to build their products without worrying about config files and the quirks of building browser extensions. It features React and TypeScript support, live-reloading, remote code bundling, automated deployment, and more. An examples repository is available.

🎁

### Miscellaneous

[### SEO tool Ahrefs invests $60M in building creator-friendly search engine, ‘Yep’ (3 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2022/06/03/yep-search-engine/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Ahrefs, a company that crawls more than 8 billion web pages every 24 hours for its SEO toolset, has invested $60 million into building its own search engine called Yep. The engine will rely on the company's own search index and run on its own data centers. It already has more than 1,000 servers spun up storing more than 100 petabytes of data. The company plans to give 90% of its ad revenue to content creators. The search engine will be heavily privacy-forward and it won't create profiles for targeted advertising.

[### The Internet Encyclopedia of Memes (26 minute read)](https://every.to/cybernaut/unpacking-the-internet-encyclopedia-of-memes?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Know Your Meme is an online encyclopedia dedicated to cataloging internet memes. Its deep catalog of memes makes it one of the most important sites on the internet. The site has been running for 15 years. This article features an interview with Don Caldwell, Know Your Meme’s Editor-in-Chief, who has made nearly 100,000 contributions to the site. The interview discusses what constitutes a meme, the process of uncovering the origins of a meme, meme eras, how technology evolves with memes, and much more.

## Get the most important tech, science, & coding news in a free daily email. Read by +1,250,000 software engineers and tech workers.

Subscribe

Join 1,250,000 readers for [one daily email](/api/latest/tech)

[Privacy](/privacy)[Careers](https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/tldr.tech)[Advertise](/tech/advertise)

Timestamp: 1744589664