Elon addresses Twitter employees 🐦, homescreen social apps 📱, money-making side projects 💰

[TLDR](/)

[Newsletters](/newsletters)

[Advertise](https://advertise.tldr.tech/)

[TLDR](/)

# TLDR 2022-06-17

## Elon addresses Twitter employees 🐦, homescreen social apps 📱, money-making side projects 💰

### 

[### Read and reply to pull request comments in Slack (Sponsor)](https://swarmia.co/3afninw)

Swarmia speeds up your team's pull request cycle time by sending you relevant notifications and allowing you to read and reply to GitHub comments without leaving Slack.“Swarmia's Slack notifications make it easy to keep track of open pull requests across all repos. Even if I can't immediately review a teammate's code, the Slack notifications help me find the right PR discussion as soon as I have time.”Svyat SobolLead Engineer, WoltStart merging faster today!

📱

### Big Tech & Startups

[### Here’s what Elon Musk just told Twitter employees (5 minute read)](https://www.cnbc.com/2022/06/16/elon-musk-is-addressing-twitter-employees-live-updates-from-the-meeting.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Elon Musk addressed Twitter employees on a video call on Thursday. He spoke about his goals for the company, free speech, possible layoffs, his bias towards in-person work, and why he loves Twitter. The majority of reactions on Twitter's Slack messaging board were negative. Many employees are worried about the reduced focus on content moderation, inclusion, and diversity measures.

[### The next big social platform is…the smartphone’s homescreen (8 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2022/06/16/the-next-big-social-platform-isthe-smartphones-homescreen/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Homescreen-based social networking is becoming more popular. Part of the rise in popularity is due to the release of a widgets platform for the iPhone in 2020. Many of these apps promote sharing authentic content on social media. This article discusses the rise of homescreen-based social networking and it looks at different apps to see why they are becoming so popular.

🚀

### Science & Futuristic Technology

[### The first perovskite solar cell with a commercially viable lifetime is here (3 minute read)](https://interestingengineering.com/perovskite-solar-cell-commercially-viable-lifetime?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Researchers from Princeton University have built perovskite solar cells that last long enough to be commercially viable. Perovskite solar cells are highly efficient and low-cost, but they are also fragile, with the first perovskite solar cells developed lasting barely minutes. The team developed a new technique for testing how solar devices will perform in the long term. The new perovskite solar cells can run at or above 80% of their peak efficiency for 30 years in a city like Princeton.

[### China tests world-first full-function space solar verification tower (3 minute read)](https://newatlas.com/energy/china-xidian-space-solar-test/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

A full-link, full-system space solar power ground verification system has been built in Xi'an, China. The project enables research into wireless energy transmission. It recently demonstrated wireless microwave transmission of power across a 55-meter distance. The project eventually aims to develop space-based energy systems. Pictures of the system are available in the article.

💻

### Programming, Design & Data Science

[### Try the Frustratingly Easy VPN (Sponsor)](https://tailscale.com/features/ssh/)

Tailscale is the zero-config (really) VPN you'll love to use. No more opening firewall ports, or configuring access. Just download and connect all your devices. Try now for free.

[### SVG Spinners (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/n3r4zzurr0/svg-spinners?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

This repository contains a collection of SVG spinner animations. Each entry in the list has a link to the .svg file, a preview of the spinner, and its size in bytes.

[### Wails (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/wailsapp/wails?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Wails is a Go web development framework that allows developers to wrap both Go code and a web frontend into a single binary. It provides tools for handling project creation, compilation, and bundling. Wails is multiplatform and features pre-built templates, auto-generated TypeScript definitions for Go structs and methods, a unified eventing system, and much more.

🎁

### Miscellaneous

[### Google Allegedly Infiltrated by "Cult-Like Religious Sect" (2 minute read)](https://futurism.com/the-byte/google-religious-cult-fellowship-friends?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

A group called the Fellowship of Friends may be controlling the hiring at Google. The group believes that most people exist in a state of 'waking sleep' and its founder claims to have been contacted by angelic incarnations of deceased art figures. The group allegedly built its influence by running a hiring agency that hired contractors from the sect. A previous case in 2008 awarded an employee $6.5 million in damages for failing to be promoted for not being a Fellowship member.

[### Ask HN: Side projects that are making money, but you'd not talk about them? (Hacker News Thread)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=31764696)

This Hacker News thread discusses profitable side projects that people haven't talked about openly with others. The top replies include hand tremor canceling software for the mouse, an Adsense blog, an online market for a game, and a 3D first-person creative writing RPG. A link to a thread on the same topic from two years ago is available.

## Get the most important tech, science, & coding news in a free daily email. Read by +1,250,000 software engineers and tech workers.

Subscribe

Join 1,250,000 readers for [one daily email](/api/latest/tech)

[Privacy](/privacy)[Careers](https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/tldr.tech)[Advertise](/tech/advertise)

Timestamp: 1744589667