Apple's new monitor 🖥️, developer salaries 📈, how to get a web3 job ⚡

[TLDR](/)

[Newsletters](/newsletters)

[Advertise](https://advertise.tldr.tech/)

[TLDR](/)

# TLDR 2022-01-03

## Apple's new monitor 🖥️, developer salaries 📈, how to get a web3 job ⚡

### 

[### Eager to leave Big Tech behind? Try Vultr for Free! (Sponsor)](https://vultr.com/promo/try100?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=q122)

With 19 global locations and better price-to-performance than the other guys, it's no wonder Vultr is the preferred cloud infrastructure provider for developers like you. Now TLDR readers have access to a special offer: $100 in credit just for signing up with this link!

📱

### Big Tech & Startups

[### Apple developing new external display that’s around half the price of the Pro Display XDR (2 minute read)](https://9to5mac.com/2022/01/02/gurman-apple-developing-cheaper-external-display-half-price-pro-display-xdr/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Apple may be preparing to launch a new external display this year. The display will be slightly smaller than the Pro Display XDR and about half the price. A leak in December suggested that Apple was developing 24-inch and 27-inch external displays. Apple is also working on a successor to the Pro Display XDR with an Apple-made SoC and Neural Engine.

[### Intel and Samsung’s new demo shows how blisteringly fast a PCIe 5.0 SSD setup will be (2 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2021/12/30/22860374/intel-samsung-ces-2022-demo-pcie-5-0-ssd-setup-speed-test?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Samsung’s new PM1743 PCIe NVMe SSD can hit data speeds over 13GB/s in real world tests. A recent video demo from Intel shows the hard drive working with Intel’s Core i9-12900K CPU to hit speeds more than twice as fast as the PlayStation 5's PCIe Gen 4 SSD. The drive will likely come with a hefty price tag when consumer-grade versions are released. A video showing a speed test of the drive is available in the article.

🚀

### Science & Futuristic Technology

[### Reusable "Microballoons" could give satellites a run for their money (3 minute read)](https://newatlas.com/science/microballoons-reusable-stratospheric-balloons/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Urban Sky's Microballoon system can take high-res aerial photographs at a much lower cost than satellites, drones, or full-sized aircraft. Each Microballoon consists of a reusable stratospheric balloon and a payload module that houses a high-res optical camera. The system can image approximately 1,000 square kilometers per hour. Microballoons are already being used by a handful of paying clients. Urban Sky recently won a contract from the US Air Force to develop Microballoons for real-time monitoring of forest fires.

[### Building the world's brightest X-ray laser (3 minute read)](https://www.cnet.com/news/building-the-worlds-brightest-x-ray-laser/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

The Linac Coherent Light Source II (LCLS-II) will be the second world-class X-ray laser at the SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory. It will be capable of firing up to 1 million light pulses per second, with beams 10,000 times brighter than its predecessor. The beams are run through a series of alternating magnets to produce X-rays, which are then used to create molecular movies. LCLS-II will allow scientists to answer questions regarding energy transfer, possibly leading to the improvement of technologies like solar power. A video that shows what it is like inside the more than 2-mile long tunnel that houses LCLS-II is available in the article.

💻

### Programming, Design & Data Science

[### Find a job through Hired (Sponsor)](https://hired.com/join/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=sponsor&utm_campaign=(b2c)(l-all)(r-all)(tldrnewsletter)&utm_content=find-a-job)

Hired is home to thousands of companies ranging from startups to Fortune 500s that are actively hiring the best and brightest developers, data scientists, mobile engineers, and more. Here’s how it works: once you create a profile, hiring managers can extend interview requests based on desired salary, top skills, and career preferences. Sign up today - it’s completely free for job-seekers!

[### SeaTunnel (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/apache/incubator-seatunnel?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

SeaTunnel is a distributed data integration platform that supports real-time synchronization of massive data. It is easy to use, flexible, and it supports low code development, real-time streaming, offline multi-source data analysis, and more. SeaTunnel can be used for mass data synchronization, integration, and aggregation, ETL with massive data, and multi-source data processing.

[### End of Year Pay Report 2021 (1 minute read)](https://www.levels.fyi/2021/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

This report from Levels.fyi examines the data they collected in 2021 to find the top paying companies and locations. The top paying company for entry-level engineers was Two Sigma. The San Francisco Bay Area had the highest median pay in the US. Zurich, Switzerland, had the highest median pay internationally.

🎁

### Miscellaneous

[### Jobs in Web3 - How I landed a job in 4 months (9 minute read)](https://blog.kacieahmed.com/jobs-in-web3-how-i-landed-a-job-in-4-months?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Minting NFTs, creating cryptocurrencies, and making DApps is just scratching the surface of web3. Finding a job in web3 development requires knowledge of advanced topics and a high level understanding of topics related to the job that is being applied for. This article follows a developer's experience in finding a job in web3. It details the mistakes they made on the way and gives plenty of advice on how to be successful in the space.

[### 12 Exciting Engineering Milestones to Look for in 2022 (7 minute read)](https://spectrum.ieee.org/12-milestones-2022?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

This article gives an overview of engineering milestones that will happen in 2022. The technologies include Wi-Fi 6E, electric planes, 3-nanometer chips, cryogenic energy storage, and more.

## Get the most important tech, science, & coding news in a free daily email. Read by +1,250,000 software engineers and tech workers.

Subscribe

Join 1,250,000 readers for [one daily email](/api/latest/tech)

[Privacy](/privacy)[Careers](https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/tldr.tech)[Advertise](/tech/advertise)

Timestamp: 1744589631