iPhone always-on display 📱, asteroid mining startup ☄️, SpaceX's new Starship 🚀

[TLDR](/)

[Newsletters](/newsletters)

[Advertise](https://advertise.tldr.tech/)

[TLDR](/)

# TLDR 2022-05-30

## iPhone always-on display 📱, asteroid mining startup ☄️, SpaceX's new Starship 🚀

### 

[### Things I Learned Building Data Privacy Vaults at Netflix (Sponsor)](https://info.skyflow.com/data-privacy-vaults-netflix-tldr?utm_source=tldr&amp;utm_medium=newsletter&amp;utm_campaign=tldr+2022)

Giants like Netflix, Apple, and Google have solved the many challenges around data privacy, compliance, and security, and they’ve done it without compromising speed of innovation. How? By using data privacy vaults to handle every bit of their PII and PCI data.Learn more about data privacy vaults and how your company can use them to easily manage sensitive data in the free on-demand webinar: Things I Learned Building Data Privacy Vaults at Netflix.

📱

### Big Tech & Startups

[### SpaceX rolls out first new Starship prototype in nine months (4 minute read)](https://www.teslarati.com/spacex-starship-first-new-prototype-nine-months/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

SpaceX has rolled out a new Starship prototype for the first time in more than nine months. The last Starship prototype, Starship S20, was rolled out in August 2021 more as a photo-op than a technical achievement. Starship S24 and Super Heavy B7 feature extensive design changes and an upgraded version of the Raptor engine. Booster 7 has already completed several cryogenic proof tests and is currently being outfitted with 33 new Raptor engines. Ship 24 still needs to pass basic tests before SpaceX will install new Raptor engines to prepare it for more tests. Pictures of the new Starship are available in the article.

[### iOS 16 will reportedly include an always-on display feature for future iPhones (2 minute read)](https://www.engadget.com/ios-16-always-on-display-154123166.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Apple's WWDC 2022 is next week. The company will likely announce many changes to iOS 16, including enhancements to the lock screen and wallpapers with widget-like capabilities. iOS 16 will include support for an always-on display for the next iPhone Pro models. It will also change how the operating system handles multitasking and windowing. Users will be able to resize app windows. There will be new social network-like features in Messages.

🚀

### Science & Futuristic Technology

[### Eavesdropping on the Brain with 10,000 Electrodes (11 minute read)](https://spectrum.ieee.org/brain-implant?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Neuropixels is a device that can record activity from firing neurons inside the brain. The device has the potential to deliver faster insights into a wide range of behaviors and enable better treatments for brain disorders. This article discusses the development of the device. Developing Neuropixels was challenging as engineers needed to place electrodes directly in contact with neurons anywhere in the brain, which is a soft and easily damaged organ.

[### An asteroid mining startup will soon launch on a SpaceX rideshare mission (3 minute read)](https://interestingengineering.com/asteroid-mining-startup-spacex-rideshare-mission?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Astroforge is a Y Combinator startup that is aiming to mine its first asteroid by the end of the decade. The founders claim to have developed a novel method for refining materials in space that requires a high-rated vacuum and zero gravity. Astroforge will target smaller asteroids that likely won't have a gravitational field. It has an agreement with SpaceX for a spot on an upcoming rideshare mission to demonstrate its technology. The space mining market is predicted to grow to $4.2 billion by the end of the decade.

💻

### Programming, Design & Data Science

[### Learn how to build application with InfluxDB (Sponsor)](https://bit.ly/3a5riem)

InfluxDB University offers free training to teach developers the skills to build powerful real-time applications. Live and self-paced courses cover data collection and analysis with InfluxDB, Telegraf, and Flux. Enroll for free today.

[### Learn how to build application with InfluxDB (Sponsor)](https://influxdbu.com/courses/101-v1-influxdb-essentials/?utm_source=vendor&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_campaign=2022_training_influxdb-university_global&amp;utm_content=tldr)

InfluxDB University offers free training to teach developers the skills to build powerful real-time applications. Live and self-paced courses cover data collection and analysis with InfluxDB, Telegraf, and Flux. Enroll for free today.

[### Tetra (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/samwillis/tetra?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Tetra is a full-stack component framework for Django. It uses Django in the backend and Alpine.js in the browser to make development easier and quicker. Tetra features component encapsulation, resumable server states, public server methods, shared public states, component library packages, and much more. Examples are available on Tetra's website.

[### AutoAnimate (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/formkit/auto-animate?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

AutoAnimate is a zero-configure animation utility that adds smooth transitions to web apps. It can be used with Vue, React, or any other JavaScript application. AutoAnimate can add animations to interfaces with just one line of code. Examples are available.

🎁

### Miscellaneous

[### What I Wish I Knew About Onboarding Effectively (10 minute read)](https://eugeneyan.com/writing/onboarding/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Onboarding into a new role can be scary. The first few months are the most important. This article provides some guidelines for tech workers in mid to senior roles for onboarding effectively. It discusses mindsets as well as a structure for planning out the first 100 days. Investing in learning and relationships can help with making good decisions and shipping early wins, which leads to building trust and strong relationships.

[### Barnes & Noble introduces a cheap e-reader to compete with the Kindle (3 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2022/5/27/23144365/barnes-and-noble-nook-glowlight-4e-e-reader-kindle?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Barnes & Noble has announced a new Nook e-reader. The Nook GlowLight 4e features USB-C, 8GB of storage, a 6-inch 212 PPI E Ink display with illumination, and page-turning buttons. It won't have any ads and users will be able to easily sideload content on the device. The Nook GlowLight 4e is now available for preorder for $119.99 and it will start shipping on June 7.

## Get the most important tech, science, & coding news in a free daily email. Read by +1,250,000 software engineers and tech workers.

Subscribe

Join 1,250,000 readers for [one daily email](/api/latest/tech)

[Privacy](/privacy)[Careers](https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/tldr.tech)[Advertise](/tech/advertise)

Timestamp: 1744589663