Stripe App Store 💳, Tesla restaurant 🍔, early tech career lessons 💼

[TLDR](/)

[Newsletters](/newsletters)

[Advertise](https://advertise.tldr.tech/)

[TLDR](/)

# TLDR 2022-05-25

## Stripe App Store 💳, Tesla restaurant 🍔, early tech career lessons 💼

### 

[### Bare Metal Without the Complexity or Cost (Sponsor)](https://www.vultr.com/promo/bare-metal?promo=bare200&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=bm)

Stay in full control of your environment with high performance, single-tenant dedicated servers in the cloud, blending uncompromising performance from 3rd Gen AMD EPYC processors with our easy-to-use cloud interface. TLDR readers can try Vultr Bare Metal for free with this $200 credit.

📱

### Big Tech & Startups

[### Stripe launches App Marketplace, scripts and tools incorporating third-party SaaS apps that work alongside Stripe (3 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2022/05/24/stripe-launches-app-marketplace-scripts-and-tools-incorporating-third-party-saas-apps-that-work-alongside-stripe/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Stripe has launched an App Marketplace that will provide access to third-party apps and scripts. The Marketplace is launching with 35 apps related to marketing, payments, and business development, with more to be added over time. Incorporating apps with Stripe will be free, but some apps are part of paid services. There is an app review process that requires apps to have real business functionality.

[### Microsoft will boost Windows on Arm with a new dev kit and Arm-native Visual Studio (3 minute read)](https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2022/05/microsoft-will-boost-windows-on-arm-with-a-new-dev-kit-and-arm-native-visual-studio/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Microsoft has announced a mini-desktop computer powered by an unnamed Qualcomm Snapdragon Arm chip with a built-in neural processing unit. Project Volterra will be accompanied by fully Arm-native versions of Visual Studio 2022 and VSCode, Visual C++, Modern .NET 6, the classic .NET framework, Windows Terminal, and both the Windows Subsystem for Linux and Windows Subsystem for Android. It will come with three USB-A ports, a mini DisplayPort, an Ethernet port, and two USB-C ports. Volterra will be available later this year for an undisclosed price.

🚀

### Science & Futuristic Technology

[### New dynamic glass can tint with an electric charge and is coming to your home (3 minute read)](https://interestingengineering.com/dynamic-glass-tint-electric-charge?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

The US Department of Energy and the National Renewable Energy Laboratory have partnered with Glass Dyenamics to develop advanced glass technology that tints when an electric charge is applied. The technology is now available for residential homes at affordable prices. Dynamic glass could eliminate 78 million metric tons of CO2 emissions per year by 2030 and offer homeowners up to 20% in energy savings. Pictures of the glass installed on a residential premises are available in the article.

[### Niantic moves beyond games with Lightship AR platform and a social network (3 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2022/5/24/23138313/niantic-lightship-augmented-reality-ar-platform-social-network-gaming?scrolla=5eb6d68b7fedc32c19ef33b4?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Niantic is creating a platform for other developers to build location-aware AR apps. It has released the Visual Position System (VPS), a technology that grounds AR experiences to physical locations, for its Lightship SDK. VPS will be free during its public beta period, after which it will switch to a tiered billing system based on an app's number of monthly users. Niantic is also releasing Campfire, a location-based social network for apps that use Lightship. Campfire is a way for developers to have their Lightship-powered apps discovered by users. More details on the new releases are available in the article.

💻

### Programming, Design & Data Science

[### Cut JS Debug Time in Half Using Airbrake (Sponsor)](https://airbrake.io/try/javascript-debugger?utm_campaign=tldr&utm_source=email&utm_medium=5%2f25&utm_content=tldr)

Airbrake can tell you exactly where an error is in your app, right down to the line of broken code. Plus, it will show you what happened leading up to the error, including clicks, keypresses, navigational updates, and more. Click here to learn more about this cool Airbrake feature!

[### On rebooting: the unreasonable effectiveness of turning computers off and on again (7 minute read)](https://keunwoo.com/notes/rebooting/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Rebooting works because it resets the system to its initial stable state. The initialization sequence is generally reliable, so it can transition into other well-behaved states. When the system reaches a defect, it enters a broken state, which makes any attempt to bring it back into a working state improvisational. While this is true for most cases, there are other nuances to consider. This article discusses rebooting systems and the reasoning behind developing crash-only software.

[### 4 Lessons I wish I knew earlier on in my professional career (3 minute read)](https://jv-la.com/journal/2022/lessons-earlier-professional-career/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

When starting out in a career, it's okay to make bad bets that don't work out. What matters most is getting a body of work started. Joining a company means being able to borrow its reputation, so having experience in a large company can be advantageous. It is important to keep updated with the industry and stay relevant as you move through your career. If companies aren't adapting to the ever-changing environment, it may be time to move on.

🎁

### Miscellaneous

[### DuckDuckGo Isn’t as Private as You Thought (3 minute read)](https://www.reviewgeek.com/118915/duckduckgo-isnt-as-private-as-you-thought/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

DuckDuckGo has a deal with Microsoft to pull its search results from Bing. A security researcher recently discovered that the mobile DuckDuckGo browser doesn't block Microsoft trackers on third-party websites. The CEO of DuckDuckGo claims that Microsoft can not see what users search in the DuckDuckGo browser, but users' data may be exposed if they visit websites with Microsoft trackers. DuckDuckGo signed a confidentiality agreement, so it is unknown how the data is used. The company claims that it is working to improve its deal with Microsoft.

[### Tesla files plans for diner/drive-in theater supercharger on Santa Monica Blvd. in Hollywood (3 minute read)](https://electrek.co/2022/05/21/tesla-files-plans-for-diner-drive-in-theater-supercharger-on-santa-monica-blvd-in-hollywood/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Tesla has filed plans for a 29-stall supercharger and diner/drive-in theater in Hollywood. It will be located on Santa Monica Boulevard at the intersection with Orange Drive. The location is currently occupied by a Shakey’s Pizza Parlor, which will be demolished for the new two-story diner. The theater will show short features meant to last as long as a standard charging session. Tesla has applied for a permit to have the site operational 24 hours a day. The building plans are available in the article.

## Get the most important tech, science, & coding news in a free daily email. Read by +1,250,000 software engineers and tech workers.

Subscribe

Join 1,250,000 readers for [one daily email](/api/latest/tech)

[Privacy](/privacy)[Careers](https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/tldr.tech)[Advertise](/tech/advertise)

Timestamp: 1744589662