Google in-video Search 🔍, OpenAI's 3D art AI 🎨, WordPress launches SQLite beta 👨‍💻

[TLDR](/)

[Newsletters](/newsletters)

[Advertise](https://advertise.tldr.tech/)

[TLDR](/)

# TLDR 2022-12-21

## Google in-video Search 🔍, OpenAI's 3D art AI 🎨, WordPress launches SQLite beta 👨‍💻

### 

[### Why Drata is a leader in cloud compliance platform on G2 (Sponsor)](https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&amp;utm_medium=newsletter&amp;utm_campaign=DR_brand_tldr_all_ros_NA&amp;utm_content=request_a_demo&amp;utm_term=text)

Drata automates your compliance journey from start to audit-ready (and beyond). You’ll also get support from the security and compliance experts who built it.

Whether it’s SOC 2, ISO 27001, HIPAA, PCI DSS, GDPR, or a custom framework - [whatever you need to achieve, Drata can automate](https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_brand_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text).

“The promise of automation has long been discussed in the compliance world, but never truly realized. Drata has turned that into a reality” — Jonathan Jaffe, CISO, Lemonade.

Learn why Airbase, BambooHR, and Notion also use Drata. [TLDR readers get 10% off and waived implementation fees](https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_brand_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text)

📱

### Big Tech & Startups

[### Google Search testing search in video (2 minute read)](https://searchengineland.com/google-search-testing-search-in-video-390565?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Google is testing a search feature that can find spoken words in a video. 'Search in video' is officially being piloted in India, but there are reports of it also being tested in the US. The feature allows users to find very specific things within a video and jump to the relevant point. A video showing how the feature works is available in the article.

[### OpenAI releases Point-E, an AI that generates 3D models (3 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2022/12/20/openai-releases-point-e-an-ai-that-generates-3d-models/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

OpenAI has open sourced Point-E, a machine learning system that creates 3D objects from text prompts. The model generates point clouds, which are discrete sets of data points in space that represent a 3D shape. While these point clouds are easier to synthesize, they are unable to capture details such as fine shapes or textures. Point-E contains an additional AI system that converts point clouds to meshes, but the model occasionally produces blocky or distorted shapes. Examples of 3D models generated with Point-E are available in the article.

🚀

### Science & Futuristic Technology

[### Porsche’s synthetic gasoline factory comes online today in Chile (3 minute read)](https://arstechnica.com/cars/2022/12/porsches-synthetic-gasoline-factory-comes-online-today-in-chile/?comments=1&amp;comments-page=1?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Highly Innovative Fuels, a Chilean startup, has opened its first synthetic gasoline production facility. The site will initially produce around 34,000 gallons a year. It plans to scale up to 14.5 million gallons a year by 2024 and 145 million gallons a year by 2026. The site uses wind power to electrolyze water into hydrogen and oxygen. The hydrogen is then combined with carbon captured from the air or industrial sources to synthesize methanol, which is then converted into longer hydrocarbons to be used as fuel. The resulting fuel is a direct replacement for pump gasoline.

[### We can now 3D print as much wood as we want without cutting a single tree (3 minute read)](https://interestingengineering.com/innovation/lab-grown-3d-printed-wood?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Scientists at MIT demonstrated a technique in May that allows them to 3D-print lab-grown wood into any shape and size. The wood was created from the cells of the common zinnia plant combined with a liquid medium and a gel solution of hormones and nutrients. The researchers controlled the physical and mechanical properties of the wood by changing the concentration of the hormones. FORAY bioscience was formed to further develop the technology. The company plans to print timber using cells from trees like pine.

💻

### Programming, Design & Data Science

[### Help us test the SQLite implementation (3 minute read)](https://make.wordpress.org/core/2022/12/20/help-us-test-the-sqlite-implementation/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

WordPress is working to implement official support for SQLite. The feature is now available for testing as part of version 1.8.0 of the Performance Lab plugin. An entirely separate and fresh database will be created when SQLite support is activated. The old database will remain unaltered. The WordPress team is now asking hosts, plugin authors, and theme developers to help test the implementation.

[### Security Study Plan (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/jassics/security-study-plan?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

This repository contains study plans for becoming a successful cybersecurity engineer. It currently contains guides on common security skills, AWS security, web penetration, application security, and job searching. Sections on API, GCP, DevSecOps, network, Docker, Kubernetes, and Azure security will be added in the future.

🎁

### Miscellaneous

[### 10 AI Predictions For 2023 (20 minute read)](https://archive.ph/IkRxT?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

This article contains a list of 10 predictions for AI technology development in 2023. These are some of the predictions: GPT-4 is set to be released early in the new year and it will be a huge improvement to GPT-3 and 3.5. Fully driverless cars will finally be available to the general public. Significant changes are coming to the Search experience. Billions of dollars of new investment commitments will be announced to build chip manufacturing facilities in the US.

[### Here’s What I Saw at an AI Hackathon (13 minutes read)](https://every.to/superorganizers/the-knee-of-the-exponential-curve?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

AI Hack Week was an event in San Francisco where a bunch of programmers spent a week building projects to see what is possible with the technology. Participants produced demos that were judged by a panel of human judges and a GPT-3 bot based on feedback aggregated from the people in attendance. This article takes a look at the projects that were produced at the AI Hackathon. The top hack as judged by humans was a game where players could prompt Stable Diffusion to generate objects to help, and the top AI-judged hack was one that allowed users to talk to a 'god' version of GPT-3.

⚡

### Quick Links

[### Math and science skills you can put to work (Sponsor)](https://brilliant.org/tldr.tech/)

Whether you’re a professional getting an edge in your career or a lifelong learner sharpening your skills—Brilliant is the best way to learn. Explore thousands of fun interactive lessons and join 10M+ people learning better: [TLDR readers get 20% off a year of Premium.](https://brilliant.org/tldr.tech/)

[### Petals is creating a free, distributed network for running text-generating AI (5 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2022/12/20/petals-is-creating-a-free-distributed-network-for-running-text-generating-ai/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Petals allows anyone to donate their hardware power to a text-generating workload with the aim of making text-generating AI cheaper and more accessible.

[### A New Subspecies of Dolphin Is Evolving in The Pacific Ocean (3 minute read)](https://www.sciencealert.com/a-new-subspecies-of-dolphin-is-evolving-in-the-pacific-ocean?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

The common bottlenose dolphin may actually be various subspecies in the process of evolving.

[### NASA’s InSight lander has probably phoned home for the last time (2 minute read)](https://arstechnica.com/science/2022/12/nasas-insight-lander-has-probably-phoned-home-for-the-last-time/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

InSight's power-generating capacity has been declining due to the accumulation of Martian dust on its solar panels.

[### Perovskite/silicon tandem solar cell advance breaks efficiency record (2 minute read)](https://newatlas.com/energy/perovskite-silicon-tandem-solar-cell-efficiency-record-32-5-percent/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

A team at Helmholtz Zentrum Berlin has developed a perovskite and silicon solar cell with an efficiency of over 32%.

[### melonJS 2 (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/melonjs/melonJS?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

melonJS 2 is a modern and lightweight HTML5 game engine built almost entirely using ES6 class, inheritance, and semantics, bundled using Rollup.

[### GPT-4 and Sam’s centralization/decentralization thoughts (3 minute read)](https://threadreaderapp.com/rmlpt110/status/1605261913306308616)

This Twitter thread discusses Sam Altman's thoughts on GPT-4, the future of AI, and its impact on centralization and decentralization.

## Get the most important tech, science, & coding news in a free daily email. Read by +1,250,000 software engineers and tech workers.

Subscribe

Join 1,250,000 readers for [one daily email](/api/latest/tech)

[Privacy](/privacy)[Careers](https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/tldr.tech)[Advertise](/tech/advertise)

Timestamp: 1744589706