Tesla's API 🚗, Netflix House 📺, half baked dev projects 👨‍💻

[TLDR](/)

[Newsletters](/newsletters)

[Advertise](https://advertise.tldr.tech/)

[TLDR](/)

# TLDR 2023-10-13

## Tesla's API 🚗, Netflix House 📺, half baked dev projects 👨‍💻

### 

[### TLDR is hiring a part time curator for our TLDR DevOps newsletter (Fully Remote, $100/hr)](jobs@tldr.tech)

TLDR is hiring a part time curator to join our TLDR DevOps newsletter curation team. The newsletter already has over 200,000 subscribers pre-launch, it's a great way to build a personal brand within the devops community.

The ideal candidate would work in devops full time and enjoy keeping up with devops news and trends through channels like Twitter, Reddit, blogs, podcasts, and online communities.

Time commitment is ~2-4 hours/week paid at a rate of $100/hr. To apply please send your LinkedIn or resume to <jobs@tldr.tech> along with a couple sentences on why you'd be a good fit!

📱

### Big Tech & Startups

[### ‘Netflix House,’ the Streamer’s First Permanent Fan Experience Locations, to Open in 2025 (3 minute read)](https://gizmodo.com/netflix-house-permanent-fan-experiences-coming-in-2025-1850922623?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Netflix is planning to open a new type of experience location where fans can shop, eat, and play games themed around popular shows. The locations will have rotating installations, ranging from ticketed shows to restaurants to retail shops. They will have enough varied content for customers to visit a couple of times a month. There is limited information about where these locations will be.

[### Tesla releases official API documentation to support third-party apps (4 minute read)](https://electrek.co/2023/10/12/tesla-releases-official-api-documentation-support-third-party-apps/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Tesla has officially released API documentation to support third-party apps after years of operating with an unofficial API. The API is still geared toward fleet management, but it could be the first step in creating a healthy app ecosystem. All third-party apps will have to go through Tesla's new API starting next year. The introduction of an official API was likely related to Tesla's recent release of in-car fleet management and rental software with Hertz.

🚀

### Science & Futuristic Technology

[### Humane's AI gadget plans include becoming an MVNO (4 minute read)](https://www.lowpass.cc/p/humane-ai-pin-cellular-mvno-sam-altman?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Humane is getting ready to officially unveil its AI Pin next month. The company has filed with the FCC for authority to resell telecommunication services provided by other mobile carriers. The plan to sell these services means the company wants to make money with services as opposed to just hardware sales. It will likely introduce the device with a monthly service plan that includes connectivity as well as storage and processing for captured photos and video.

[### Woman's Experimental Bionic Hand Passes Major Test With Flying Colors (6 minute read)](https://gizmodo.com/bionic-mia-hand-prosthetic-amputee-phantom-pain-1850919751?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

A recently published paper details the case of a Swedish woman who has successfully worn an advanced bionic limb for years with no major issues. The woman had suffered a farming injury that took much of her right arm below the elbow, leaving her with phantom limb pain that required high doses of medication to manage. The bionic limb is directly connected to the woman's neuromusculoskeletal system. It is controlled by her nervous system and provides sensory feedback. The limb substantially reduced the woman's phantom limb pain and need for medication. A video of the bionic limb is available.

💻

### Programming, Design & Data Science

[### On Importance of Naming in Programming (12 minute read)](https://wasp-lang.dev/blog/2023/10/12/on-importance-of-naming-in-programming?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Good naming results in cleaner code and improved architecture. Almost all of writing clean code is just naming things correctly. Bad names are usually an indicator of problematic code - a failure in design. A good name doesn't misdirect, omit, or assume. It gives developers a good idea about what the variable contains or function does. This article emphasizes the importance of naming in programming by providing examples of good names and bad names and explaining the consequences of bad naming. It provides tips on how to come up with good names.

[### The Oxidation Compiler (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/web-infra-dev/oxc?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

The Oxidation Compiler is a suite of high-performance tools for JavaScript and TypeScript. It includes a parser, linter, formatter, transpiler, minifier, and resolver. Everything is written in Rust.

🎁

### Miscellaneous

[### Ask HN: Show me your half baked project (Hacker News Thread)](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=37857231)

This Hacker News thread contains examples of not-really-ready-for-prime-time projects. Projects include Symbiants, a real-time simulation of an ant colony with mental health aspects, Calzone, a Chrome extension for converting text between timezones just by highlighting text, and a project that is attempting to build the world's largest encyclopedia of magazines, fanzines, journals, and newsletters.

[### Why aren't there more 80% jobs? (4 minute read)](https://evertpot.com/on-80-percent-jobs/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Some jobs are starting to move to 4-day workweeks, but there hasn't been any increase in the number of 80% jobs - 32 hour jobs at 80% salary. These types of jobs would be a low-risk proposition that many people in tech would likely take if it were an option. 80% jobs offer many benefits for both employers and employees, even though they may cost more in terms of overhead. Another option is to offer 90% jobs, giving workers an extra day off every two weeks.

⚡

### Quick Links

[### What I wish I knew when I got my ASN (19 minute read)](https://quantum5.ca/2023/10/10/what-i-wish-i-knew-when-i-got-my-asn/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

An Autonomous System Number allows holders to exchange routes over the Border Gateway Protocol with other autonomous systems, announce their own IP addresses to the internet, and control how traffic flows in and out of their networks.

[### Neobrutalism components (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/ekmas/neobrutalism-components?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Neobrutalism components is a collection of type-safe components written in React and Tailwind created for people who want to learn more about the neobrutalism style.

[### OpenAI has quietly changed its ‘core values’ (1 minute read)](https://www.semafor.com/article/10/12/2023/openai-quietly-changed-its-core-values?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

OpenAI's new core values put a greater emphasis on the development of artificial general intelligence, saying that anything that doesn't help with that is out of scope.

[### One Game, By One Man, On Six Platforms: The Good, The Bad and The Ugly (16 minute read)](https://ruoyusun.com/2023/10/12/one-game-six-platforms.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

An indie developer's perspective on why Valve recently announced that it would no longer support Counter-Strike 2 on macOS.

[### Nostalgist.js (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/arianrhodsandlot/nostalgist?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Nostalgist.js can run retro console emulators within web browsers.

[### OpenAI has already surpassed $1.3 billion in revenue (3 minute read)](https://invezz.com/news/2023/10/12/openai-surpassed-1-3-billion-in-revenue/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

OpenAI may soon command a $90 billion valuation.

## Get the most important tech, science, & coding news in a free daily email. Read by +1,250,000 software engineers and tech workers.

Subscribe

Join 1,250,000 readers for [one daily email](/api/latest/tech)

[Privacy](/privacy)[Careers](https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/tldr.tech)[Advertise](/tech/advertise)

Timestamp: 1744589771