AirPods roadmap leaked 🎧, OpenAPI DevTools 👨‍💻, confessions of a middle class founder 💰

[TLDR](/)

[Newsletters](/newsletters)

[Advertise](https://advertise.tldr.tech/)

[TLDR](/)

# TLDR 2023-10-26

## AirPods roadmap leaked 🎧, OpenAPI DevTools 👨‍💻, confessions of a middle class founder 💰

### 

[### TLDR is hiring a part time curator for our TLDR Product Management newsletter (Fully Remote, $100/hr)](mailto:jobs@tldr.tech)

TLDR is hiring a part time curator to join our TLDR Product Management newsletter curation team. The newsletter already has over 330,000 subscribers pre-launch, it's a great way to build a personal brand within the PM community.

The ideal candidate would work in PM full time and enjoy keeping up with product news and trends through channels like Twitter, Reddit, blogs, podcasts, and online communities.

Time commitment is ~2-4 hours/week paid at a rate of $100/hr. To apply please send your LinkedIn or resume to [jobs@tldr.tech](mailto:jobs@tldr.tech) along with a couple sentences on why you'd be a good fit!

📱

### Big Tech & Startups

[### Apple’s future AirPods roadmap just leaked, and big changes are coming (2 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/25/23931989/apple-airpods-4-max-pro-rumor-new-features?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Apple plans to launch two sets of fourth-generation AirPods in 2024. Both will sit beneath the AirPods Pro, with a design that is a blend of the third-generation AirPods and the Pro model. The higher-end version features noise-cancellation and integrated speakers on the charging case. Neither model will have replaceable silicone ear tips. The new AirPods cases will have USB-C and new colors.

[### Google Founder’s Airship Gets FAA Clearance (3 minute read)](https://spectrum.ieee.org/lta-airship-faa-clearance?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Google co-founder Sergey Brin’s 124-meter-long airship Pathfinder 1 is set to launch for the first time in the days or weeks ahead. The helium-filled airship received a special airworthiness certificate in September that allows it to begin flight tests within the boundaries of Moffett Field and neighboring Palo Alto airport’s airspaces at a height of up to 1,500 feet. The airship will be able to venture over the south San Francisco Bay without interfering with planes. After extensive testing, the Pathfinder 1 will transit to Ohio, where an even larger airship is currently under development. The test program is expected to be complete within 180 days.

🚀

### Science & Futuristic Technology

[### First malaria vaccine slashes early childhood mortality (7 minute read)](https://www.science.org/content/article/first-malaria-vaccine-slashes-early-childhood-deaths?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

The first vaccine approved to fight malaria cut deaths among young children by 13% over nearly 4 years. It reduced severe malaria by 22% in kids younger than enough to receive a three-shot series. The 13% drop in deaths translates to tens of thousands of lives saved every year. The mortality benefit was documented even in areas with the lowest coverage. The vaccine may be training the immune system in a general way that extends a protective benefit against other infections.

[### Low-calorie sugar breakthrough could make allulose a household name (6 minute read)](https://newatlas.com/science/breakthrough-low-calorie-sugar-production/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Allulose is a sugar substitute that is around 70% as sweet as sucrose but contains just 10% of the calories. It has been shown to improve blood glucose levels and help in weight loss in people with type 2 diabetes. The compound was previously difficult to produce. Scientists at the University of California, Davis, have made a breakthrough and developed a manufacturing technique that offers both a high-quality yield and viable sustainability. The technique uses modified E. coli in a process that is already established industrially.

💻

### Programming, Design & Data Science

[### OpenAPI DevTools (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/AndrewWalsh/openapi-devtools?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

OpenAPI DevTools is a Chrome extension that generates OpenAPI specifications in real time from network requests. It adds a new tab to Chrome DevTools that automatically converts network requests into a specification. OpenAPI DevTools can instantly generate an OpenAPI 3.1 specification for any website or app just by using it.

[### Building a global deployment platform is hard, here is why (20 minute read)](https://www.koyeb.com/blog/building-a-global-deployment-platform-is-hard-here-is-why?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

A whole new set of issues appear when businesses start operating workloads over multiple locations across the globe. These complexities multiply the number of failure scenarios to consider. This article takes a deep dive into the architecture of a serverless engine and a multi-region networking layer and tells the story of how a team built its own global deployment engine.

🎁

### Miscellaneous

[### Confessions of a Middle-Class Founder (17 minute read)](https://nymag.com/intelligencer/article/venture-capital-backed-startup-founder-confessions.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Every founder either wants to be rich, with their wealth in service of some end, or they want to be king, with the money as a mere byproduct of trying to make the world the way they want it to be. Venture capitals are looking for startups with the potential to generate hundreds of millions of dollars of revenue per year. Most winners win big because most startups fail. The industry looks down on bootstrapped companies without scale potential and this prevents some startups from exiting.

[### Internet Artifacts (Website)](https://neal.fun/internet-artifacts/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

This website contains a collection of internet artifacts. Each artifact is presented with a description of the entry along with the artifact itself. The collection groups artifacts by year.

⚡

### Quick Links

[### WireMock Cloud: Mock microservices, 3rd party apps, and internal APIs (Sponsor)](https://t.sidekickopen07.com/Ctc/GH+23284/d2SwT604/JkM3crJ5W6N1vHY6lZ3q2W7J5yP22dV7-pW8_Fv4X5tb4N4W5mYhQG7nkt4qW18rPB18vWJ1WW29mxF771QkRzW6k32321XZGMnMK7JvzRK3RBW22xLZv3Zbb3GW1q-1ZB5fYKTdW5Ct5Ww99qZrBW4Kq-v07vFjTdW72bnlL176mVhW7s74_y2NMHQ8W3c2Dms46dbBhW646m-F3Xgl3dW4Zhv_y77j9ZkW87_zVH1HsBNzW9h83yD5w2nG_W4pdHYP2mZ9frW1ncc0448D54GW8Z53yq1g_h3BW3ry6v72bBcHwf2sMVq004)

WireMock Cloud offers swagger support, response templating, stateful scenarios, and much more. [Start now (free for 1,000 mock API calls per month)](https://t.sidekickopen07.com/Ctc/GH+23284/d2SwT604/JkM3crJ5W6N1vHY6lZ3q2W7J5yP22dV7-pW8_Fv4X5tb4N4W5mYhQG7nkt4qW18rPB18vWJ1WW29mxF771QkRzW6k32321XZGMnMK7JvzRK3RBW22xLZv3Zbb3GW1q-1ZB5fYKTdW5Ct5Ww99qZrBW4Kq-v07vFjTdW72bnlL176mVhW7s74_y2NMHQ8W3c2Dms46dbBhW646m-F3Xgl3dW4Zhv_y77j9ZkW87_zVH1HsBNzW9h83yD5w2nG_W4pdHYP2mZ9frW1ncc0448D54GW8Z53yq1g_h3BW3ry6v72bBcHwf2sMVq004)

[### Where are all the laid-off software developers going? (9 minute read)](https://devinterrupted.substack.com/p/where-are-all-the-laid-off-software-a41?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Recently laid-off candidates are typically looking to stay in tech - now is a good time for traditionally non-tech companies to level up their tech.

[### AI ‘breakthrough’: neural net has human-like ability to generalize language (5 minute read)](https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-023-03272-3?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

A newly developed AI model is able to learn new words and use them in existing and new contexts with human-like performance.

[### How to Make Yourself Into a Learning Machine (26 minute read)](https://every.to/superorganizers/how-to-make-yourself-into-a-learning-machine?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Treat your mind like technology infrastructure - build systems to optimize your brain.

[### PEP 703 (Making the Global Interpreter Lock Optional in CPython) acceptance (7 minute read)](https://discuss.python.org/t/pep-703-making-the-global-interpreter-lock-optional-in-cpython-acceptance/37075?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

The transition to make the Global Interpreter Lock optional in CPython will be gradual and break as little as possible - the developers will be able to roll back any changes that turn out to be too disruptive.

[### CSS prefers-reduced-transparency (5 minute read)](https://developer.chrome.com/en/blog/css-prefers-reduced-transparency/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

prefers-reduced-transparency is a new media query feature in Chrome 118 that adapts interfaces for users who have specified a desire for reduced transparency in their system preferences.

[### Web Components Will Outlive Your JavaScript Framework (7 minute read)](https://jakelazaroff.com/words/web-components-will-outlive-your-javascript-framework/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Building for longevity requires avoiding using dependencies out of your control and sticking to standards that won’t break.

## Get the most important tech, science, & coding news in a free daily email. Read by +1,250,000 software engineers and tech workers.

Subscribe

Join 1,250,000 readers for [one daily email](/api/latest/tech)

[Privacy](/privacy)[Careers](https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/tldr.tech)[Advertise](/tech/advertise)

Timestamp: 1744589773