X's banking plans leak 🏦, Bezos unveils moon lander 🚀 , lessons from Google's SREs 👨‍💻

[TLDR](/)

[Newsletters](/newsletters)

[Advertise](https://advertise.tldr.tech/)

[TLDR](/)

# TLDR 2023-10-30

## X's banking plans leak 🏦, Bezos unveils moon lander 🚀 , lessons from Google's SREs 👨‍💻

### 

[### 🤯 Will Odoo transform the ERP market...again?! (Sponsor)](https://www.odoo.com/?utm_source=tldr&amp;utm_medium=newsletter&amp;utm_campaign=northam-en-oxp-top-general_primary-odoo17-release)

Odoo Experience, starting on October 8, promises to reveal Odoo 17, thought to disrupt the industry landscape once again. Anticipate innovative features, including a new website builder and a game-changing point of sale system adapted for restaurants.

Odoo's legacy of innovation is set to reach new heights, offering businesses enhanced applications to boost operations and improve customer experience.

Join Odoo CEO, Fabien Pinckaers, for the big [reveal at Odoo Experience](https://www.odoo.com/event/odoo-experience-2023-3735/track/opening-keynote-unveiling-odoo-17-5802?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=northam-en-oxp-top-general_primary-odoo17-release), a turning point in the world of Enterprise Resource Planning.

Can’t wait until then? [Try Odoo for free, now!](http://odoo.com/trial?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=northam-en-oxp-top-general_primary-odoo17-release)

📱

### Big Tech & Startups

[### Elon Musk wants Twitter / X to replace your bank account. Here's how it'll work. (2 minute read)](https://mashable.com/article/elon-musk-x-twitter-bank?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Elon Musk wants to turn X into a financial hub that will fully replace the needs for banks within a year. Musk had plans to create an online bank called X with PayPal back in July 2000, but his plans never came to fruition. X aims to allow money to flow as freely as information or conversation on the platform. The company has already secured first money transmitter licenses in several states. It aims to make the service run globally.

[### Google commits to invest $2 billion in OpenAI competitor Anthropic (2 minute read)](https://www.cnbc.com/2023/10/27/google-commits-to-invest-2-billion-in-openai-competitor-anthropic.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Google has agreed to invest up to $2 billion in Anthropic. The deal involves a $500 million upfront investment with an additional $1.5 billion to be invested over time. Google already had a stake in Anthropic after investing $300 million in the company back in April. Anthropic was valued earlier this year at $4.1 billion.

🚀

### Science & Futuristic Technology

[### Jeff Bezos shows off new Moon lander design for NASA (4 minute read)](https://arstechnica.com/space/2023/10/jeff-bezos-shows-off-new-moon-lander-design-for-nasa/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Jeff Bezos recently showed off low-fidelity mock-ups of Blue Origin's Blue Moon lander to NASA officials. The Blue Moon lander is designed to deliver up to 3 metric tons of cargo anywhere on the lunar surface. Blue Origin will be responsible for transporting astronauts between lunar orbit and the surface of the Moon and back to space on the Artemis V mission scheduled for 2029. Pictures of the lander are available in the article.

[### Where the heck did all those structures inside complex cells come from? (9 minute read)](https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/10/where-the-heck-did-all-those-structures-inside-complex-cells-come-from/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Eukaryotic cells have membrane-bound nuclei and a system of internal membranes called the endoplasmic reticulum. There are several competing theories about how these structures developed. Scientists have only recently been able to start investigating the origin of these structures using new technologies. This article provides an overview of the theories around the structures and a roadmap of how scientists plan to uncover their beginnings.

💻

### Programming, Design & Data Science

[### Lessons Learned from Twenty Years of Site Reliability Engineering (6 minute read)](https://sre.google/resources/practices-and-processes/twenty-years-of-sre-lessons-learned/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

This article lists 11 things Site Reliability Engineers at Google have learned from 20 years of working in the field. Google is now over 1,000 times as large as it was 20 years ago, with a network 10,000 times larger. The company now spends far less effort per server than it used to while enjoying much better reliability. Its tools have evolved throughout the years into a unified platform that offers reliability by default.

[### ScratchDB (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/scratchdata/ScratchDB?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

ScratchDB is an alternative to BigQuery, Redshift, and Snowflake that runs on Clickhouse. It lets users input arbitrary JSON and perform analytical queries against it. ScratchDB automatically creates tables and columns when new data is added.

🎁

### Miscellaneous

[### Google loses fight to hide 2021 money pit: $26B in default contracts (4 minute read)](https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2023/10/google-paid-26b-for-default-contracts-in-2021-google-exec-testified/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Google's senior vice president Prabhakar Raghavan testified during the company's monopoly trial, saying that Google's default agreements with mobile phone manufacturers and web browsers were the company's biggest cost in 2021. Google paid $26.3 billion for default agreements while raking in $146.4 billion in revenue from search advertising in 2021. The company says that these deals are legal and that its dominance is not due to them.

[### People are speaking with ChatGPT for hours, bringing 2013’s Her closer to reality (4 minute read)](https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/10/people-are-speaking-with-chatgpt-for-hours-bringing-2013s-her-closer-to-reality/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

People are now having hours-long discussions with ChatGPT on the go. The latest ChatGPT update allows the AI to see, hear, and speak. It enables people to use the assistant in many more situations for things like creative development, brainstorming, or simple conversation. Being able to interact with the assistant through voice has made more people feel a deeper emotional connection with it, with many people drawing similarities between ChatGPT and Samantha from the 2013 movie 'Her'.

[### TLDR is hiring a part time curator for our TLDR Product Management newsletter (Fully Remote, $100/hr)](mailto:jobs@tldr.tech)

TLDR is hiring a part time curator to join our TLDR Product Management newsletter curation team. The newsletter already has over 330,000 subscribers pre-launch, it's a great way to build a personal brand within the PM community.

The ideal candidate would work in PM full time and enjoy keeping up with product news and trends through channels like Twitter, Reddit, blogs, podcasts, and online communities.

Time commitment is ~2-4 hours/week paid at a rate of $100/hr. To apply please send your LinkedIn or resume to [jobs@tldr.tech](mailto:jobs@tldr.tech) along with a couple sentences on why you'd be a good fit!

⚡

### Quick Links

[### X celebrates 60% savings from cloud exit (2 minute read)](https://world.hey.com/dhh/x-celebrates-60-savings-from-cloud-exit-7cc26895?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

X's profitable exit from the cloud shows that many large corporations may benefit from gigantic savings by running servers on premises.

[### Welcome to the Offensive ML Framework (3 minute read)](https://wiki.offsecml.com/Welcome+to+the+Offensive+ML+Framework#Where%20to%20start??utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

This page contains a collection of tactics, techniques, and procedures of offensive ML attacks that focuses heavily on attacks that have code that can be used to perform them right away.

[### WinterJS (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/wasmerio/winterjs?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

WinterJS is a JavaScript server that runs Service Workers according to the Winter Community Group specification.

[### NixOS Reproducible Builds: minimal installation ISO successfully independently rebuilt (3 minute read)](https://discourse.nixos.org/t/nixos-reproducible-builds-minimal-installation-iso-successfully-independently-rebuilt/34756?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Reproducible Builds provide a reliable way to verify that binaries are faithful to their sources and have not been tampered with anywhere in the build pipeline.

[### Sam Bankman-Fried repeatedly told to “stop talking” during rambling testimony (3 minute read)](https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2023/10/sam-bankman-fried-repeatedly-told-to-stop-talking-during-rambling-testimony/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

US District Judge Lewis Kaplan has ruled that Sam Bankman-Fried cannot provide testimony that he relied on lawyers to steer his decision-making in his case to the jury.

[### Every trick Microsoft pulled to make you browse Edge instead of Chrome (13 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/23935029/microsoft-edge-forced-windows-10-google-chrome-fight?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

While Edge is considered good nowadays, Microsoft still used tactics only seen from bloatware and spyware developers to promote the browser.

## Get the most important tech, science, & coding news in a free daily email. Read by +1,250,000 software engineers and tech workers.

Subscribe

Join 1,250,000 readers for [one daily email](/api/latest/tech)

[Privacy](/privacy)[Careers](https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/tldr.tech)[Advertise](/tech/advertise)

Timestamp: 1744589774