OpenAI o1 launches 🤖, tech predictions for 2025 💡, React 19 👨‍💻  

[TLDR](/)

[Newsletters](/newsletters)

[Advertise](https://advertise.tldr.tech/)

[TLDR](/)

# TLDR 2024-12-06

## OpenAI o1 launches 🤖, tech predictions for 2025 💡, React 19 👨‍💻

### 

[### 7️⃣ Key Objects Within an LLM Mesh: Insights From O'Reilly & Dataiku Inside (Sponsor)](https://pages.dataiku.com/oreilly-tech-guide-llm-mesh?utm_campaign=GLO%20CONTENT%20AI%20and%20Machine%20Learning%20FY25&amp;utm_source=nam-tldr&amp;utm_medium=paid-email)

Want to help boost your company's “complexity threshold,” or the number of LLM-powered applications it can effectively develop and maintain?

By providing abstraction, standardization, and a central catalog for all LLM-related objects, the LLM Mesh facilitates composability, governance, and efficient scaling of LLM apps across the enterprise. [Check out the just-released chapters](https://pages.dataiku.com/oreilly-tech-guide-llm-mesh?utm_campaign=GLO%20CONTENT%20AI%20and%20Machine%20Learning%20FY25&utm_source=nam-tldr&utm_medium=paid-email) from the book on scaling LLMs in the enterprise from O'Reilly Media and Dataiku. Access the [early-release chapters here](https://pages.dataiku.com/oreilly-tech-guide-llm-mesh?utm_campaign=GLO%20CONTENT%20AI%20and%20Machine%20Learning%20FY25&utm_source=nam-tldr&utm_medium=paid-email).

📱

### Big Tech & Startups

[### Copilot Vision, Microsoft's AI tool that can read your screen, launches in preview (3 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2024/12/05/copilot-vision-microsofts-ai-tool-that-can-read-your-screen-launches-in-preview/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Microsoft has started rolling out a limited US-only preview of Copilot Vision, a tool that can understand and respond to questions about sites visited in Microsoft Edge. The feature requires a subscription to Copilot Pro, which costs $20 per month. Copilot Vision can handle tasks like summarizing and translating text, spotlighting discounted products in store catalogs, and serving as a game assistant. It deletes data after every session to preserve privacy. Copilot Vision is limited to a pre-approved list of popular sites during the preview.

[### OpenAI confirms new $200 monthly subscription, ChatGPT Pro, which includes its o1 reasoning model (4 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2024/12/05/openai-confirms-its-new-200-plan-chatgpt-pro-which-includes-reasoning-models-and-more/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

OpenAI's new ChatGPT Pro subscription tier provides unlimited access to all of OpenAI's models and a pro version of its o1 reasoning model. It was created for those pushing the models to the limits of their capabilities on tasks like math, programming, and writing. The pro version of o1 is faster, more powerful, and more accurate than the preview version released in September. All paid ChatGPT users can still access the standard o1 model, which can now reason about image uploads. o1 will soon be available in OpenAI's API.

🚀

### Science & Futuristic Technology

[### Bitcoin hits $100,000 (4 minute read)](https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2024/12/bitcoin-hits-100000/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Bitcoin hit $100,000 on Wednesday. The cryptocurrency has been experiencing a massive upswing since Donald Trump, who is a crypto supporter, won the 2024 presidential election. Trump recently announced his intentions to nominate Paul Atkins, a crypto advocate, to lead the Securities and Exchange Commission after Gary Gensler, a noted crypto critic, resigns on Inauguration Day. Trump has vowed to create a national stockpile of bitcoins to help wipe out US national debt. Atkins has said before that the US' tough stance on cryptocurrency has driven investors to other markets where regulations are clearer. Shifting US regulations to be more accommodating could bring those investments back to the US.

[### Protecting Undersea Internet Cables Is a Tech Nightmare (4 minute read)](https://spectrum.ieee.org/undersea-internet-cables-protection-tech?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

A lot of the global communications and financial system hinges on a few hundred cables of bundled glass fibers strung across ocean floors around the world, each about the same diameter as a garden hose. Defending these undersea fiber-optic cables from damage and sabotage is increasingly challenging. While there are plans to create future internet backup routes through satellites, the technology is still only in a preliminary proof-of-concept stage and may be many years away from being deployed. It is currently not possible to monitor all 1.5 million kilometers of communication cables in the water, but new technologies are emerging that will make it easier to monitor activity where damage is most likely to occur and potentially prevent disruptions.

💻

### Programming, Design & Data Science

[### Ready for a big 2025? TLDR readers are. (Sponsor)](https://advertise.tldr.tech/?utm_source=tldr&amp;utm_medium=newsletter&amp;utm_campaign=secondary12062024)

Tech budgets are being set, and strategies for Q1 are locking in. [TLDR](https://advertise.tldr.tech/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=secondary12062024) reaches millions of developers, founders, and decision-makers who are already planning their next big moves. Why not make your brand part of their 2025? From trusted content to unmatched audience engagement, TLDR is where tech marketers make an impact. [Schedule a call](https://advertise.tldr.tech/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=secondary12062024) now to get ahead of the game

[### React v19 (28 minute read)](https://react.dev/blog/2024/12/05/react-19?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

React v19 is now available on npm. This post provides an overview of the new features in React 19 and how to adopt them. New features in React 19 include Actions, a new hook called useActionState, new form features for react-dom, a new API for reading resources in render: use, and much more. React 19 adds full support for custom elements. An upgrade guide with a full list of breaking and notable changes is available.

[### VectorChord (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/tensorchord/VectorChord?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

VectorChord is a PostgreSQL extension designed for scalable, high-performance, and disk-efficient vector similarity search. It is entirely based on Postgres storage, enabling effective SSD usage to reduce memory requirements. VectorChord can easily handle vectors ranging from hundreds of millions to multi-billions of entries. It provides the best defaults out-of-the-box so users don't need to tweak quantization or rerank parameters.

🎁

### Miscellaneous

[### Sundar Pichai Hits Back at Criticism of Company's A.I. Leadership (3 minute read)](https://www.nytimes.com/2024/12/04/business/dealbook/google-ai-sundar-pichai.html?unlocked_article_code=1.fU4.zXjC.FFU2-KmLpEY5&smid=url-share&utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Google CEO Sundar Pichai said at The New York Times' DealBook Summit that Google will be changing profoundly in the next year and that the pace of AI development would slow in 2025. He called out Microsoft for not using its own models and using OpenAI's technology instead. Google currently faces multiple legal fights that could force the company to break itself up.

[### Tech predictions for 2025 and beyond (23 minute read)](https://www.allthingsdistributed.com/2024/12/tech-predictions-for-2025-and-beyond.html?utm_campaign=inbound&amp;utm_source=feedly)

Technology is augmenting human ingenuity in inspiring ways. Clean energy innovations are unlocking new avenues for sustainable development and AI tools are tipping the scales in the fight against disinformation. Intention-driven technologies are reshaping our relationship with the digital world. A mission-driven workforce is emerging that is eager to tackle hard human problems without chasing the bottom line. Technology will redefine the way we think about success in the coming years.

⚡

### Quick Links

[### AI Generated Business: The Rise of AGI and the Rush to Find a Working Revenue Model (71 minute read)](https://ainowinstitute.org/general/ai-generated-business?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

This report looks at the business models behind the generative AI companies that are drawing hundreds of billions of dollars in investment.

[### Apple takes over third-party Apple Passwords autofill extension for Firefox (2 minute read)](https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2024/12/firefox-users-on-macos-can-finally-autofill-apple-passwords-in-their-browser/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Apple has taken over 'iCloud Passwords for Firefox', an extension that supports syncing and autofilling passwords in macOS Sonoma and macOS Sequoia.

[### A transport protocol's view of Starlink (28 minute read)](https://blog.apnic.net/2024/05/17/a-transport-protocols-view-of-starlink/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

This article looks at how TCP, the workhorse transport protocol of the Internet, interacts with the characteristics of the Starlink service.

[### The UC Berkeley Project That Is the AI Industry's Obsession (5 minute read)](https://www.wsj.com/tech/ai/the-uc-berkeley-project-that-is-the-ai-industrys-obsession-bc68b3e3?st=fHfDmW&reflink=desktopwebshare_permalink&utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Chatbot Arena lets users ask questions, get answers from two anonymous AI models, and rate which one is better.

[### Elon Musk's xAI lands $6B in new cash to fuel AI ambitions (6 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2024/12/05/elon-musks-xai-lands-billions-in-new-cash-to-fuel-ai-ambitions/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

xAI has now raised a total of $12 billion - it reportedly told investors it plans to raise more money next year.

[### Sequin (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/sequinstream/sequin?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Sequin is a tool for change data capture in Postgres that supports native sinks, making it easy to stream Postgres rows and changes to streaming platforms and queues.

## Get the most important tech, science, & coding news in a free daily email. Read by +1,250,000 software engineers and tech workers.

Subscribe

Join 1,250,000 readers for [one daily email](/api/latest/tech)

[Privacy](/privacy)[Careers](https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/tldr.tech)[Advertise](/tech/advertise)

Timestamp: 1744589857