Tesla's Texas HQ vote 🚗, Arc reimagines browsers 🌎, learning new tools with ChatGPT 👨‍💻

[TLDR](/)

[Newsletters](/newsletters)

[Advertise](https://advertise.tldr.tech/)

[TLDR](/)

# TLDR 2024-02-02

## Tesla's Texas HQ vote 🚗, Arc reimagines browsers 🌎, learning new tools with ChatGPT 👨‍💻

📱

### Big Tech & Startups

[### The Arc browser is getting better bookmarks and search results, all thanks to AI (2 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/2024/2/1/24058013/arc-browser-smart-folders-browse-for-me-ai?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

The Browser Company has made some big AI-powered changes to its Arc desktop browser. The new features turn search queries into bookmarks and keep users up to date on things they care about. The Browser Company aims to make some of the many-step processes of using the internet simpler, faster, more intuitive, and more useful. A video explaining Arc's new features is available in the article.

[### Elon Musk says Tesla will hold a shareholder vote to incorporate in Texas after Delaware pay snub (1 minute read)](https://www.cnbc.com/2024/02/01/elon-musk-tesla-will-hold-a-shareholder-vote-to-incorporate-in-texas.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Tesla is holding a shareholder vote on whether the company should transfer its state of incorporation to Texas. The company is currently incorporated in Delaware. The vote comes after a Delaware judge voided Elon Musk's $56 billion pay package granted in 2018. A decision to reincorporate could be challenged by shareholders as a breach of fiduciary duty according to Delaware law as it could be seen as a choice made for selfish reasons.

🚀

### Science & Futuristic Technology

[### New type of cherry tomato self-dries while still on the vine (2 minute read)](https://newatlas.com/science/self-drying-cherry-tomato/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Supree, a food tech company, has created tomatoes with microscopic cracks in their skin that allow moisture to naturally evaporate from within them, resulting in tomatoes that have lost 80% of their original weight by the time they're packed. The tomatoes can be dried further after harvest to tweak their content, but that process doesn't involve the use of any additives. The dried tomatoes can be reportedly kept for a year after being frozen for shipping and storage without any negative effect on their taste, texture, or nutritional value. Supree will sell its product directly to corporate clients for now.

[### For the first time NASA has asked industry about private missions to Mars (3 minute read)](https://arstechnica.com/space/2024/02/for-the-first-time-nasa-has-asked-industry-about-private-missions-to-mars/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

NASA is taking its first steps towards opening a commercial pathway to Mars. Jet Propulsion Laboratory has issued a new solicitation titled 'Exploring Mars Together: Commercial Services Studies'. The request asks for proposals from the US space industry on how they would complete one of four private missions to Mars. The missions include delivering small satellites to orbit and providing imaging services around the red planet. NASA plans to award multiple contracts of $200,000 for one study or up to $300,000 for a maximum of two studies. Details about the studies are available in the article.

💻

### Programming, Design & Data Science

[### Stanchion (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/dgllghr/stanchion?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Stanchion is an SQLite 3 extension that enables column-oriented storage in SQLite. It brings all of the benefits of column-oriented storage and data warehousing to anywhere SQLite is already deployed. Column-oriented storage outperforms row-oriented storage for storing and processing metric, log, and event data, time series data storage and analysis, change tracking, and anchor modeling. Stanchion uses compression techniques that significantly reduce the size of stored data, greatly reducing the cost of large data sets.

[### AccessKit (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/AccessKit/accesskit?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

AccessKit provides UI accessibility infrastructure across platforms and programming languages. It features a data schema that defines all of the data required to make a UI accessible to screen readers and other assistive technologies. The schema, largely based on Chromium's cross-platform accessibility abstraction, also defines actions that can be requested by assistive technologies.

🎁

### Miscellaneous

[### Why Tim Cook Is Going All In on the Apple Vision Pro (22 minute read)](https://www.vanityfair.com/news/tim-cook-apple-vision-pro?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

When Tim Cook first experienced the Apple Vision Pro maybe eight years ago, it needed a supercomputer in the other room to run. Over the years, Apple engineers shrunk the device to a pair of goggles that weigh a little more than a box of spaghetti. This article talks about what using the Vision Pro is like. The device's high-resolution displays can overlay digital objects that look real.

[### Google is preparing to fully rename Bard to Gemini (2 minute read)](https://9to5google.com/2024/02/01/google-bard-rename-gemini/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Google appears to be ditching the 'Bard' branding altogether and switching entirely to 'Gemini'. All of Bard's phone experience was renamed 'Gemini' earlier this week. The app now says 'Bard is now Gemini' across mobile devices and the web. Bard is powered by Gemini Pro, the middle option in Google's newest family of AI models.

⚡

### Quick Links

[### Making a PDF that’s larger than Germany (11 minute read)](https://alexwlchan.net/2024/big-pdf/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

The claim that the maximum size of a PDF is 381 km x 381 km is completely false - there's no set limit to the size of a file.

[### The web just gets better with Interop 2024 (21 minute read)](https://webkit.org/blog/14955/the-web-just-gets-better-with-interop/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

The Interop project aims to improve interoperability by encouraging browser engine teams to look deeper into various web technologies and their compatibility between browsers.

[### How to Learn Unfamiliar Software Tools with ChatGPT (9 minute read)](https://thenewstack.io/how-to-learn-unfamiliar-software-tools-with-chatgpt/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

A guide on how to use AI to turbocharge your ability to dive into unfamiliar software tools and quickly learn how to use them.

[### VersionFox (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/version-fox/vfox?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

VersionFox is a cross-platform tool for managing SDK versions that allows users to quickly install and switch between different versions of SDKs using the command line.

[### Mark Zuckerberg calls Apple’s DMA rules ‘so onerous’ he doubts any developer will opt in (2 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2024/02/01/mark-zuckerberg-calls-apples-dma-rules-so-onerous-he-doubts-any-developer-will-opt-in/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Apple's compliance with the DMA involves reduced commissions, but the company added new fees that make going to alternate app stores too expensive.

[### You Are Not Late to Artificial Intelligence (4 minute read)](https://thealgorithmicbridge.substack.com/p/you-are-not-late-to-artificial-intelligence?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

A lot of people thought they were late to the internet, but there are even more opportunities now because of the advance in technology.

## Get the most important tech, science, & coding news in a free daily email. Read by +1,250,000 software engineers and tech workers.

Subscribe

Join 1,250,000 readers for [one daily email](/api/latest/tech)

[Privacy](/privacy)[Careers](https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/tldr.tech)[Advertise](/tech/advertise)

Timestamp: 1744589795