OpenAI interest in Chrome 🌐, Microsoft performance crackdown 💼, Python in production 🧑‍💻

[TLDR](/)

[Newsletters](/newsletters)

[Advertise](https://advertise.tldr.tech/)

[TLDR](/)

# TLDR 2025-04-23

## OpenAI interest in Chrome 🌐, Microsoft performance crackdown 💼, Python in production 🧑‍💻

### 

[### Apple's Starlink Update Sparks Huge Earning Opportunity (Sponsor)](https://invest.modemobile.com/?utm_source=dmrregahome&amp;utm_medium=Partner82-01-apple_spacex&amp;utm_campaign=Newsletter_ID3650&amp;utm_content=nvidia_growth&amp;tnames=Partner82-01-apple_spacex)

Apple just added Starlink satellite support to iPhones through iOS 18.3.

One of the biggest potential winners? Mode Mobile.

Mode's EarnPhone already reaches +45M users that have earned over $325M, and that's before global satellite coverage. With SpaceX eliminating "dead zones" worldwide, Mode's earning technology can now reach billions more in unbanked and rural populations worldwide.

Their global expansion is perfectly timed, and you still have a chance to [invest in their pre-IPO offering before their share price changes next week](https://invest.modemobile.com/?utm_source=dmrregahome&utm_medium=Partner82-01-apple_spacex&utm_campaign=Newsletter_ID3650&utm_content=nvidia_growth&tnames=Partner82-01-apple_spacex).

Mode's recent 32,481% revenue growth and their newly reserved Nasdaq ticker $MODE puts them one step closer to a potential IPO.

[Invest at $0.26/share before their share price changes on 5/1](https://invest.modemobile.com/?utm_source=dmrregahome&utm_medium=Partner82-01-apple_spacex&utm_campaign=Newsletter_ID3650&utm_content=nvidia_growth&tnames=Partner82-01-apple_spacex).

📱

### Big Tech & Startups

[### Microsoft Cracks Down On Low Performers With New Exit Strategy: Check Details (3 minute read)](https://in.mashable.com/tech/93024/microsoft-cracks-down-on-low-performers-with-new-exit-strategy-check-details?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Microsoft has rolled out stricter internal policies to reinforce its performance management system. The new guidelines help managers address underperformance more decisively while rewarding high achievers more clearly. Changes include a tougher exit policy for employees consistently rated in the lowest performance bracket and the introduction of performance-related tools aimed at increasing transparency and consistency in evaluations and rewards. Microsoft is developing AI-powered training tools that simulate real-life feedback scenarios to help improve confidence and communication during performance discussions.

[### OpenAI wants to buy Chrome and make it an “AI-first” experience (3 minute read)](https://arstechnica.com/ai/2025/04/chatgpt-head-tells-court-openai-is-interested-in-buying-chrome/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

When asked if OpenAI would join in the bidding if Google had to sell Chrome, OpenAI's head of product for ChatGPT Nick Turley said unequivocally that the company would. OpenAI has reportedly been considering building its own Chromium-based browser to compete with Chrome. Having a browser would give OpenAI a massive install base of users and the user data flowing through the browser would be invaluable in training agentic AI models that can operate browsers on users' behalf. There's a lot of discussion about who should buy Chrome, but relatively little about spinning it off into an independent company - despite Google's claims, the existence of its multibillion-dollar search placement deals indicates the browser can survive on its own.

🚀

### Science & Futuristic Technology

[### A Chinese-born crypto tycoon—of all people—changed the way I think of space (13 minute read)](https://arstechnica.com/space/2025/04/a-chinese-born-crypto-tycoon-of-all-people-changed-the-way-i-think-of-space/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Earlier this month, an international crew of four private astronauts took a journey into space aboard a SpaceX Dragon spacecraft. Chun Wang, a Chinese-born cryptocurrency billionaire, paid SpaceX an undisclosed sum for the mission to fly into orbit with three of his friends. The mission was named Fram2 after the Norwegian exploration ship Fram used for polar expeditions at the turn of the 20th century. It orbited over Earth's pole for a perspective on the planet that no human eyes had seen before. This article details what happened on the mission - footage from the mission is available.

[### The secrets of lab-grown chocolate (3 minute read)](https://theweek.com/culture-life/food-drink/the-secrets-of-lab-grown-chocolate?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Lab-grown chocolate could rival traditional chocolate in several ways. The process can grow cells that multiply swiftly and mature within a week, as opposed to the six to eight months usually required for a conventional cocoa crop. The resulting product can also contain higher levels of health-promoting chemicals and fewer contaminants such as heavy metals or pesticides. The price of cocoa is skyrocketing as the industry deals with drought and other problems.

💻

### Programming, Design & Data Science

[### TLDR is hiring a curator to join the TLDR AI team (Fully Remote, $100/hr)](mailto:jobs@tldr.tech?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

TLDR is hiring an AI curator to help write our daily newsletter, read by over 700,000 subscribers.

We're looking for someone who works full time in AI (at a frontier lab, AI startup, or major tech company) and regularly keeps up with the latest AI news and research.

Time commitment is ~5-10 hours/week paid at a rate of $100/hr.

To apply please send your LinkedIn or resume to [jobs@tldr.tech](mailto:jobs@tldr.tech) along with a few sentences on how you currently keep up with AI news!

[### How to run Python in production (7 minute read)](https://ashishb.net/programming/python-in-production-2/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Python is the dominant option for running production workloads for data analysis and machine learning. This article contains several lessons on how to run Python in production. It covers how to maintain project quality, ensure project maintainability, and deploy.

[### Nerdlog (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/dimonomid/nerdlog?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Nerdlog is a fast, remote-first, multi-host TUI log viewer laser-focused on being efficient. It can query logs from multiple remote machines simultaneously, filter them by time range and patterns, and draw timeline histograms for quick visual insight. Nerdlog establishes an SSH connection to every node that the user wants to collect logs from and keeps them idle in the background so there's no need for a centralized server. Logs are not downloaded to the local machine in full and all log analysis is done on the remote nodes.

🎁

### Miscellaneous

[### Siri's new boss is already making big internal changes, per report (2 minute read)](https://9to5mac.com/2025/04/22/siris-new-boss-is-already-making-big-internal-changes-per-report/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Mike Rockwell recently took leadership over Siri at Apple, and it seems like he isn't wasting any time in implementing major changes internally within the Siri teams. The management team leading Siri's development has been overhauled, with much of the leadership replaced with lieutenants from the Vision Pro software group. Teams related to speech, understanding, performance, and user experience have also been restructured. It is clear that Siri's new boss is taking decisive action to right Siri's years of stagnation.

[### The Future of Compute: NVIDIA's Crown is Slipping (30 minute read)](https://mohitdagarwal.substack.com/p/from-dominance-to-dilemma-nvidia?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Nvidia has become the fastest-scaling hardware company in history, and with an immediate lack of alternatives, it will continue to print cash. However, the company's long-term durability may be affected by hyperscalers like Google, Microsoft, Amazon, and Meta developing competitive, highly-credible chip efforts. The sheer scale of compute needs is driving an enormous shift towards distributed, vertically-integrated, and co-optimized systems. This means that even though Nvidia has the highest-performing GPUs, it can still lose.

⚡

### Quick Links

[### What is Hyperwood? (Website)](https://hyperwood.org/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Hyperwood is an open-source system for crafting furniture from simple wooden slats that empowers anyone to build robust furniture using minimal tools and locally sourced materials.

[### TLDR is hiring a Sales Enablement Lead (TLDR Job)](https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/tldr.tech/4c701d53-2e00-4fd3-b1e9-8c131fce82c3?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Help make the best sponsorship sales team in the world even more effective!

Refer a candidate to [jobs@tldr.tech](mailto:jobs@tldr.tech) and we'll give you $5k if we hire them.

[### Pipelining might be my favorite programming language feature (12 minute read)](https://herecomesthemoon.net/2025/04/pipelining/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Pipelining is a feature that allows developers to omit a single argument from parameter lists by instead passing the previous value.

[### Google is paying Samsung an ‘enormous sum' to preinstall Gemini (2 minute read)](https://www.theverge.com/news/652746/google-samsung-gemini-default-placement-antitrust-trial?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Google's deal with Samsung to preinstall Gemini is a two-year agreement that involves monthly payments and Google giving Samsung a percentage of its ad revenue from the Gemini app.

[### Instagram launches Edits app for video, rivaling TikTok (2 minute read)](https://www.cnbc.com/2025/04/22/instagram-edits-tiktok.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Instagram's Edits video creation app offers features similar to TikTok, including background replacement, automatic captioning, and AI tools that can turn images into video.

[### AutoKitteh (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/autokitteh/autokitteh?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

AutoKitteh is a scalable "serverless" developer platform for workflow automation and orchestration that provides a full set of advanced engineering features out of the box.

[### Google won't ditch third-party cookies in Chrome after all (3 minute read)](https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2025/04/google-wont-ditch-third-party-cookies-in-chrome-after-all/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Google has decided not to roll out Privacy Sandbox, a feature that would help users disable third-party cookies, and instead leave cookie support as is.

## Get the most important tech, science, & coding news in a free daily email. Read by +1,250,000 software engineers and tech workers.

Subscribe

Join 1,250,000 readers for [one daily email](/api/latest/tech)

[Privacy](/privacy)[Careers](https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/tldr.tech)[Advertise](/tech/advertise)

Timestamp: 1745454352