OpenAI o3 🤖, Zuckerberg's failed deal ⚖️, the business of AI labs 💰

[TLDR](/)

[Newsletters](/newsletters)

[Advertise](https://advertise.tldr.tech/)

[TLDR](/)

# TLDR 2025-04-17

## OpenAI o3 🤖, Zuckerberg's failed deal ⚖️, the business of AI labs 💰

### 

[### This tech company grew 32,481%... (Sponsor)](https://invest.modemobile.com/?utm_source=dmrregahome&amp;utm_medium=Partner82-01-nvidia_growth&amp;utm_campaign=Newsletter_ID3650&amp;utm_content=nvidia_growth&amp;tnames=Partner82-01-nvidia_growth)

No, it's not Nvidia… It's Mode Mobile, 2023's fastest-growing software company according to Deloitte.

Just as Uber turned vehicles into income-generating assets, Mode is [turning smartphones into the easiest passive income source](https://invest.modemobile.com/?utm_source=dmrregahome&utm_medium=Partner82-01-nvidia_growth&utm_campaign=Newsletter_ID3650&utm_content=nvidia_growth&tnames=Partner82-01-nvidia_growth), already helping 45M+ users earn $325M+ through simple, everyday use.

The technology behind it all is the EarnPhone, and it could be the biggest disruption to smartphones since the iPhone.

Mode has recently secured their Nasdaq stock ticker $MODE, [but you can still invest in their pre-IPO offering at just $0.26/share](https://invest.modemobile.com/?utm_source=dmrregahome&utm_medium=Partner82-01-nvidia_growth&utm_campaign=Newsletter_ID3650&utm_content=nvidia_growth&tnames=Partner82-01-nvidia_growth). They've received over $35M in investments, and their share price is changing in under two weeks.

[Earn up to 100% bonus shares before the price changes.](https://invest.modemobile.com/?utm_source=dmrregahome&utm_medium=Partner82-01-nvidia_growth&utm_campaign=Newsletter_ID3650&utm_content=nvidia_growth&tnames=Partner82-01-nvidia_growth)

📱

### Big Tech & Startups

[### Elon Musk shut down internal Tesla analysis that showed Robotaxi would lose money (8 minute read)](https://electrek.co/2025/04/16/elon-musk-shut-down-internal-tesla-analysis-that-showed-robotaxi-would-lose-money/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

An internal analysis from Tesla executives showed that the company's Robotaxi plans would lose money. The analysis also said that the company should focus on a new affordable electric vehicle called the 'Model 2', but Elon Musk canceled plans for the vehicle and pushed only for the Cybercab, replacing plans for the next-gen affordable EV with cheaper versions of the Model Y and Model 3. The decision is likely the reason Tesla is in a slump right now.

[### OpenAI releases new simulated reasoning models with full tool access (7 minute read)](https://arstechnica.com/ai/2025/04/openai-releases-new-simulated-reasoning-models-with-full-tool-access/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

OpenAI has released two new models, o3 and o4-mini. These models combine simulated reasoning capabilities with access to functions like web browsing and coding. It is the first time OpenAI's reasoning-focused models can use every ChatGPT tool simultaneously. ChatGPT Plus, Pro, and Team users now have access to the models - Enterprise and Edu customers will gain access next week. OpenAI plans to release o3-pro to the Pro tier in a few weeks.

🚀

### Science & Futuristic Technology

[### Lab-grown chicken ‘nuggets' hailed as ‘transformative step' for cultured meat (3 minute read)](https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2025/apr/16/nugget-sized-chicken-chunks-grown-transformative-step-for-cultured-lab-grown-meat?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Scientists have grown nugget-sized chunks of chicken in a device that mimics the blood vessels that make up the circulatory system. The approach uses fine hollow fibers to deliver oxygen and nutrients to cells suspended in a gel. It paves the way for whole cuts of chicken, beef, pork, and fish to be grown in the lab. The same technology has the potential to produce functional organs.

[### Future Chips Will Be Hotter Than Ever (9 minute read)](https://spectrum.ieee.org/hot-chips?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Engineers have managed to double the number of transistors they can pack into the same area every two years, but the unwanted side effect of heat is becoming more and more prominent. Temperature affects performance, power consumption, and energy efficiency. Excessive heat can slow the propagation of critical signals in a processor, lead to a permanent degradation of chip performance over time, and cause transistors to leak more current, wasting power. As the density of logic circuits continues to grow, so does power density, generating heat as a by-product. Efficient heat dissipation will be crucial to maintaining chip performance and longevity as chips become increasingly compact and powerful.

💻

### Programming, Design & Data Science

[### OpenAI Codex CLI (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/openai/codex?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Codex is a lightweight coding agent for the terminal. It was built for developers who live in the terminal and want ChatGPT-level reasoning plus the power to run code, manipulate files, and iterate, all under version control. Codex requires zero setup, runs network-disabled and directory-sandboxed, and is multimodal. It supports any model available with the Responses API.

[### 12 Factor Agents - Principles for building reliable LLM applications (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/humanlayer/12-factor-agents?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Even if large language models (LLMs) continue to get more powerful, there will still be core engineering techniques that will make LLM-powered software more reliable, scalable, and easier to maintain. This article discusses 12 principles for building LLM-powered software that is actually good enough to put in the hands of production customers. The fastest way for builders to create high-quality AI software is to take small, modular concepts from agent building and incorporate them into existing products. These concepts can be defined and applied by most skilled software engineers even if they don't have an AI background.

🎁

### Miscellaneous

[### The business of the AI labs (18 minute read)](https://blog.omega-prime.co.uk/2025/04/11/ai-lab-business/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

While large language model providers have spearheaded a new AI revolution, the jury is still out on whether they are good businesses. Investors are still wondering whether these pioneering labs will reap profits or whether other parts of the AI ecosystem will capture the lion's share of value. This article looks at the industry and suggests strategies that labs could pursue to secure good economics for themselves. While there are certainly challenges to the AI lab business model, there are still many strategic options open to them.

[### Inside Mark Zuckerberg's Failed Negotiations to End Antitrust Case (5 minute read)](https://www.wsj.com/us-news/law/mark-zuckerberg-meta-antitrust-ftc-negotiations-a53b3382?mod=tech_trendingnow_article_pos1&utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

The FTC had wanted $30 billion to drop its antitrust case against Meta, but Mark Zuckerberg decided to offer $450 million instead. Zuckerberg was confident that President Trump would back him up with the FTC as he had been developing closer ties to Trump. The FTC said the offer was not credible and that it wasn't ready to settle for anything less than $18 billion and a consent decree. Meta upped its offer to close to $1 billion as the trial approached, but it wasn't enough.

⚡

### Quick Links

[### TikTok begins testing Footnotes, a new Community Notes-like feature (3 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2025/04/16/tiktok-begins-testing-footnotes-a-new-community-notes-like-feature/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

TikTok's Footnotes will allow users to add additional context and relevant information to videos to help others better understand certain content.

[### U.S. Tries to Crush China's AI Ambitions With Chips Crackdown (7 minute read)](https://www.wsj.com/economy/trade/trump-chip-exports-nvidia-h20-china-amd-d2c4c866?st=J9y87K&reflink=desktopwebshare_permalink&utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

The new US chip-export limits are the clearest sign yet that whatever advances China makes in AI will have to help without the US' help.

[### o3 is out and it is absolutely amazing!! (3 minute read)](https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1912551847056785841.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

OpenAI's o3 is fast, agentic, extremely smart, and has great vibes.

[### ActorCore (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/rivet-gg/actor-core?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

ActorCore enables developers to build stateful, AI agent, collaborative, and local-first applications and deploy to Rivet, Cloudflare, Bun, Node.js, and more.

[### Grok gains a canvas-like tool for creating docs and apps (2 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2025/04/15/grok-gains-a-canvas-like-tool-for-creating-docs-and-apps/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Grok Studio is a canvas-like feature for editing and creating documents and basic apps.

[### OpenAI in talks to pay about $3 billion to acquire AI coding startup Windsurf (3 minute read)](https://www.cnbc.com/2025/04/16/openai-in-talks-to-pay-about-3-billion-to-acquire-startup-windsurf.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Windsurf, formerly known as Codeium, is an artificial intelligence tool for coding help - it could be OpenAI's biggest acquisition by far.

## Get the most important tech, science, & coding news in a free daily email. Read by +1,250,000 software engineers and tech workers.

Subscribe

Join 1,250,000 readers for [one daily email](/api/latest/tech)

[Privacy](/privacy)[Careers](https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/tldr.tech)[Advertise](/tech/advertise)

Timestamp: 1744935923