OpenAI launches GPT-4.5 🧠, Figure home robots 🤖, advice for CS students 👨‍💻

[TLDR](/)

[Newsletters](/newsletters)

[Advertise](https://advertise.tldr.tech/)

[TLDR](/)

# TLDR 2025-02-28

## OpenAI launches GPT-4.5 🧠, Figure home robots 🤖, advice for CS students 👨‍💻

### 

[### Reduce Your Phishing Triage Time by 95% with Material Security (Sponsor)](https://material.security/lp-cloud-office-security?utm_source=third-party&amp;utm_medium=email&amp;utm_campaign=20250227-tldr)

Security teams are constantly balancing the critical risk of modern phishing attacks with the reality of limited time. Manual triage, investigation, and remediation are time-consuming tasks, and every minute spent on false positives takes away from mission-critical work.

Companies like Lyft, Databricks, and Carta trust [Material Security](https://material.security/lp-cloud-office-security?utm_source=third-party&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=20250227-tldr) to help find the right balance. Our AI-powered detections and truly automated remediations work across your productivity suite, and our flexible controls and granular settings adapt to your specific requirements.

[See the Material difference here](https://material.security/lp-cloud-office-security?utm_source=third-party&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=20250227-tldr)

📱

### Big Tech & Startups

[### OpenAI unveils GPT-4.5 ‘Orion,' its largest AI model yet (5 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2025/02/27/openai-unveils-gpt-4-5-orion-its-largest-ai-model-yet/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

OpenAI is now rolling out GPT-4.5 to ChatGPT Pro subscribers and developers on paid tiers of the company's API. Other users should get the model sometime next week. GPT-4.5 is so expensive to run that OpenAI is evaluating whether to continue serving the model on its API in the long term. It currently costs $75 for every million input tokens and $150 for every million output tokens. This article looks at how the new model compares to OpenAI's other offerings.

[### Meta plans to release standalone Meta AI app in effort to compete with OpenAI's ChatGPT (4 minute read)](https://www.cnbc.com/2025/02/27/meta-plans-to-release-a-standalone-meta-ai-app.html?taid=67c0d5de46927f0001fb1981&amp;utm_campaign=trueanthem&amp;utm_medium=social&amp;utm_source=twitter%7Cmain)

Meta intends to debut a standalone Meta AI app during the second quarter. The service is currently only available to users via a website and the company's other apps. Users could potentially interact more deeply with the digital assistant if it were available as a standalone app. Meta also plans to test a paid subscription for Meta AI.

🚀

### Science & Futuristic Technology

[### Anti-Aging Pill for Dogs Certified as 'Effective' by FDA. But Could It Work for Humans, Too? (3 minute read)](https://people.com/anti-aging-pill-for-dogs-one-step-closer-to-being-on-the-market-11687470?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Biotech startup Loyal has received a certification from the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) saying its anti-aging pill for dogs has a reasonable expectation of efficacy. The pill still needs to be certified by the FDA that it is safe for use and can be manufactured at a greater scale before it can be prescribed by veterinarians. Loyal plans to earn conditional approval from the FDA by the end of the year.

[### Figure will start ‘alpha testing' its humanoid robot in the home in 2025 (2 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2025/02/27/figure-will-start-alpha-testing-its-humanoid-robot-in-the-home-in-2025/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Figure plans to begin alpha testing its Figure 02 robot in the home later this year. The project's timeline was accelerated thanks to the company's 'generalist' Vision-Language-Action model, Helix. Helix is designed to process both visual data and natural language input to accelerate learning. It can orchestrate two robots working on a single task in tandem.

💻

### Programming, Design & Data Science

[### Dear Student: Yes, AI is here, you're screwed unless you take action... (21 minute read)](https://ghuntley.com/screwed/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

AI will soon start having a large impact on software engineering. Students should start learning fundamentals that universities typically don't teach and obtain skills that are going to be highly desirable to every employer. Developers need to learn how their work directly translates to business value and build a public profile. Software engineers will be fine, as long as they take action now.

[### superglue (GitHub Repo)](https://github.com/superglue-ai/superglue?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

superglue is a self-healing open source data connector that can be deployed as a proxy so developers always get the data they want in the format they expect. Developers just define their desired data schemas and provide basic instructions about an API endpoint - superglue automatically generates the API configuration, handles pagination, authentication, and error retries, transforms response data into the exact schema developers want using JSONata expressions, and validates that data, fixing transformations when they break.

🎁

### Miscellaneous

[### TLDR is hiring curators for our new TLDR Data newsletter (Fully Remote, $100/hr)](mailto:jobs@tldr.tech?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

TLDR is hiring part time curators to launch our TLDR Data newsletter.

The ideal candidate would have deep experience working directly with data warehouses, data pipelines, data lakes, and other modern cloud infrastructure.

Time commitment is ~2-3 hours/week paid at a rate of $100/hr. To apply please send your LinkedIn or resume to [jobs@tldr.tech](mailto:jobs@tldr.tech) along with a couple sentences on why you'd be a good fit!

[### YouTube star MrBeast planning investment round that could value company at $5bn (3 minute read)](https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2025/feb/27/youtube-star-mrbeast-planning-investment-round-that-could-value-company?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

MrBeast is planning to raise hundreds of millions of dollars to create a holding company for his growing empire. The round could value his company at roughly $5 billion - it generated more than $400 million in sales last year. Talks about the potential fundraising are still in the early stages and it is not yet clear who will invest. MrBeast is the biggest YouTuber in the world - he has more than 368 million subscribers to his channel.

[### Google's Sergey Brin Urges Workers to the Office ‘at Least' Every Weekday (3 minute read)](https://www.nytimes.com/2025/02/27/technology/google-sergey-brin-return-to-office.html?unlocked_article_code=1.0U4.A8Eb.6hfgL-MPLsba&amp;smid=url-share&amp;utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Sergey Brin, one of Google's co-founders, says that Google could be the leader in artificial general intelligence if employees worked harder. He recommends that employees attend the office at least every weekday, saying that 60 hours a week is the sweet spot for productivity. Brin returned to Google after ChatGPT's launch to help the company navigate the difficult moment when it lost its advantage in AI. Since his return, Google has reorganized its business, rebranded its AI, and rolled out the technology across its popular apps.

⚡

### Quick Links

[### Amazon debuts Ocelot, its first quantum computing chip (1 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2025/02/27/amazon-debuts-ocelot-its-first-quantum-computing-chip/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Ocelot's design could reduce costs associated with error correction by as much as 90%.

[### Tesla applies for ride-hailing service in California, but with human drivers (3 minute read)](https://electrek.co/2025/02/27/tesla-applies-for-ride-hailing-service-in-california-but-with-human-drivers/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Tesla has yet to apply for a permit to operate driverless vehicles.

[### GPT 4.5 + interactive comparison (4 minute read)](https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1895213020982472863.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

GPT 4.5 offers a qualitative measurement of the slope of improvement that can be achieved by scaling pretraining compute.

[### Stripe says AI startups are growing faster than SaaS ever did, and calling them wrappers ‘misses the point' (2 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2025/02/27/stripe-ceo-says-ai-startups-are-growing-faster-than-saas-ever-did-and-calling-them-wrappers-misses-the-point/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

The top 100 AI companies by revenue were able to achieve $5 million in annualized revenue in 24 months in 2024 - the top 100 SaaS companies took 37 months in 2018 to reach the same milestone.

[### OpenAI CEO Sam Altman says the company is ‘out of GPUs' (1 minute read)](https://techcrunch.com/2025/02/27/openai-ceo-sam-altman-says-the-company-is-out-of-gpus/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

OpenAI will need to acquire tens of thousands more GPUs before additional ChatGPT users can gain access to GPT-4.5.

[### Meta announces experimental Aria Gen 2 research smart glasses (2 minute read)](https://www.cnbc.com/2025/02/27/meta-announces-experimental-aria-gen-2-research-smart-glasses.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter)

Meta's latest experimental glasses are designed to help bolster research into artificial intelligence, robotics, and machine perception.

## Get the most important tech, science, & coding news in a free daily email. Read by +1,250,000 software engineers and tech workers.

Subscribe

Join 1,250,000 readers for [one daily email](/api/latest/tech)

[Privacy](/privacy)[Careers](https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/tldr.tech)[Advertise](/tech/advertise)

Timestamp: 1744589873