Organizations at Scale 📈, New EKS Version Controls 🆕, Docker Security Patch 🥷

[TLDR](/)

[Newsletters](/newsletters)

[Advertise](https://advertise.tldr.tech/)

[TLDR](/)

# TLDR DevOps 2024-07-26

## Organizations at Scale 📈, New EKS Version Controls 🆕, Docker Security Patch 🥷

### 

[### Secure access to Kubernetes clusters without a clunky tunnel (Sponsor)](https://d2swt604.na1.hs-sales-engage.com/Ctc/GH+23284/d2SwT604/Jl23gNv7W7lCdLW6lZ3nJW4lV03_7FDBDYW3f_wT32TRlWkVjZ8Cd2G9drzW84SMlt3XjVJ-N6D-XwT8C7w5W4J9Bj054D4QzW2Zldh12g8ftTW5zQzdd861GkFW67J1Gd8DFtDcW82nCkC3l9Gf9W8J5L9T5m4VcYW1v-lgW5xC9VdW8B36G52nLL4wW2l0zRf6W29V5Vq06tD5x9614W70l0LT97gJ9SW60_SdN20ygTQW1CywVw4mZ1rXW6zXQzz7zNcnRVxpxWN1NXS_dW3dQ2j61_p502MXFFdPGgn-BW5RnqzD5FXl1sW21r5jT6Lh8pYf70_pF804)

[Pomerium](https://d2swt604.na1.hs-sales-engage.com/Ctc/GH+23284/d2SwT604/Jl23gNv7W7lCdLW6lZ3nJW4lV03_7FDBDYW3f_wT32TRlWkVjZ8Cd2G9drzW84SMlt3XjVJ-N6D-XwT8C7w5W4J9Bj054D4QzW2Zldh12g8ftTW5zQzdd861GkFW67J1Gd8DFtDcW82nCkC3l9Gf9W8J5L9T5m4VcYW1v-lgW5xC9VdW8B36G52nLL4wW2l0zRf6W29V5Vq06tD5x9614W70l0LT97gJ9SW60_SdN20ygTQW1CywVw4mZ1rXW6zXQzz7zNcnRVxpxWN1NXS_dW3dQ2j61_p502MXFFdPGgn-BW5RnqzD5FXl1sW21r5jT6Lh8pYf70_pF804) provides clientless, native access to Kubernetes clusters. DevOps, developers, and security teams will love:

→ Zero-trust security without slowing down developer workflow and productivity.

→ Reduced attack surface from eliminating overprovisioning of your Kubernetes API.

→ Standardized and secure remote access to your Kubernetes apps, services, and workloads.

→ Per-action audit logs for full observability and compliance.

[Try Pomerium for free](https://d2swt604.na1.hs-sales-engage.com/Ctc/GH+23284/d2SwT604/JlF3gNv7W8wLKSR6lZ3nGVD_k3d5jcLjYW8D__Yp7GdV2BN8ZwVQ9r3ypRW2DRQ6T2F9mWPW41vT9J13298CW7wJ17B1t4g0hW2wCsfm6fSVy1W24YNV13DzPz1W4qcNTY7BJrpNVm3_Y57hzDJNW5rBRsH7rx-GdW15JZJg9kyNdbW5hMhDK5bGrHhMNCS9DWhq6nW4QDVN-748CvyW4Lf7wh7fP_WLW5bNtH-7XwjZhW1mhn3J57D4vhW8HhGZK4g_yGDW39lKNZ6NJbpvV63BL74FvTGvN1MFLy-LjqMmW1NlbWw3sk_jXW1KxBYd5pzcpXW6xTfNv1jZVPRN2jxTjGbHsYGW51SWSf15VmNBW6l8Fkq4hmwtPf7LF-2404)

📱

### News & Trends

[### Docker fixes critical 5-year old authentication bypass flaw (2 minute read)](https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/docker-fixes-critical-5-year-old-authentication-bypass-flaw/?utm_source=tldrdevops)

Docker has patched a critical 5-year-old authentication bypass vulnerability (CVE-2024-41110) in Docker Engine that allowed attackers to bypass authorization plugins, potentially leading to unauthorized access and privilege escalation.

[### Amazon EKS introduces new controls for Kubernetes version support policy (2 minute read)](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2024/07/amazon-eks-controls-kubernetes-version-support-policy/?utm_source=tldrdevops)

Amazon EKS now allows cluster administrators to configure end-of-support behavior for EKS clusters via the EKS Console and CLI, offering flexibility in managing Kubernetes version upgrades. These controls enable administrators to choose between extended support and automatic upgrades based on business needs and cluster requirements.

🚀

### Opinions & Tutorials

[### How Airbnb Smoothly Upgrades React (9 minute read)](https://medium.com/airbnb-engineering/how-airbnb-smoothly-upgrades-react-b1d772a565fd?utm_source=tldrdevops)

Airbnb successfully upgraded its web surfaces from React 16 to React 18 using a React Upgrade System that allows for incremental, testable, and frequent upgrades across its monorepo.

[### Best practices to set up organizational hierarchies that scale (7 minute read)](https://about.gitlab.com/blog/2024/07/22/best-practices-to-set-up-organizational-hierachies-that-scale/?utm_source=tldrdevops)

To maximize the benefits of a GitLab subscription, organize your setup into groups, subgroups, and projects to enhance permissions management and project tracking. GitLab's inheritance model automatically applies settings and permissions configured at higher levels to lower levels, promoting consistency and streamlined administrative overhead.

[### How to prevent accidental load balancer deletions (3 minute read)](https://www.gremlin.com/blog/how-to-prevent-accidental-aws-elb-load-balancer-deletions?utm_source=tldrdevops)

Accidental deletions of critical cloud infrastructure, like load balancers, can cause incidents that lead to significant downtime. To prevent such issues, enable the deletion protection flag for AWS Elastic Load Balancers, which can safeguard them from accidental removal, and use tools like Gremlin, which can help identify and manage unprotected ELBs in your environment.

🎁

### Miscellaneous

[### Let's Consign CAP to the Cabinet of Curiosities (4 minute read)](https://brooker.co.za/blog/2024/07/25/cap-again.html?utm_source=tldrdevops)

The CAP theorem is mostly irrelevant for cloud-based systems as modern infrastructures manage network partitions effectively, maintaining both consistency and high availability. It's more applicable in environments with intermittent connectivity like IoT or mobile apps, where it influences critical operational decisions.

[### Two years of Backstage — behind the scenes of our developer portal: the Design System, a strategic advantage (6 minute read)](https://medium.com/peaksys-engineering/two-years-of-backstage-behind-the-scenes-of-our-developer-portal-a45ddf6f0e73?utm_source=tldrdevops)

This article explores the integration of a Design System into the Backstage developer portal, highlighting the improvements in user experience and visual consistency, and describes how to create consistent components.

[### OpenELA Liberates Red Hat Enterprise Linux Source Code (3 minute read)](https://thenewstack.io/openela-liberates-red-hat-enterprise-linux-source-code/?utm_source=tldrdevops)

OpenELA has automated the release of new enterprise Linux source code, making it available just days after each Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) update. This move ensures open and free access to RHEL source code, empowering the community to develop and distribute their own RHEL-compatible builds.

⚡️

### Quick Links

[### AWS Signer open sources Notation plugin for container image signing (1 minute read)](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2024/07/aws-signer-open-sources-notation-plugin-container-image-signing/?utm_source=tldrdevops)

AWS has open-sourced the AWS Signer plugin for Notation, providing greater flexibility and transparency and allowing customers to sign and verify container images with AWS Signer using either a CLI executable or a Golang library.

[### Why use Vault-backed dynamic credentials to secure HCP Terraform infrastructure? (4 minute read)](https://www.hashicorp.com/blog/why-use-vault-backed-dynamic-credentials-to-secure-hcp-terraform-infrastructure?utm_source=tldrdevops)

Vault-backed dynamic credentials offer HCP Terraform and Terraform Enterprise users a more secure way to manage infrastructure provisioning by providing temporary, time-bound credentials through HashiCorp Vault, consolidating management, eliminating OIDC setup in cloud providers, and leveraging Vault's advanced security features.

## Get our free daily newsletter with curated tools 💻, trends 📈, and insights 💡, for DevOps Engineers 👨‍💻

Subscribe

Join 200,000 readers for [one daily email](/api/latest/devops)

[Privacy](/privacy)[Careers](https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/tldr.tech)[Advertise](/devops/advertise)

Timestamp: 1744590104