Why WebAssembly ❓, Database Migrations At Scale 🪐, EC2 Network Throttling 🛜

[TLDR](/)

[Newsletters](/newsletters)

[Advertise](https://advertise.tldr.tech/)

[TLDR](/)

# TLDR DevOps 2025-05-16

## Why WebAssembly ❓, Database Migrations At Scale 🪐, EC2 Network Throttling 🛜

### 

[### [Manning Ebook] Effective Platform Engineering (Sponsor)](https://chronosphere.io/resource/effective-platform-engineering/?utm_medium=newsletter&amp;utm_source=tldr-devops&amp;utm_campaign=20250516)

Want to design platforms that are powerful, sustainable, and easy to use? Grab a copy of [Manning's Effective Platform Engineering ebook](https://chronosphere.io/resource/effective-platform-engineering/?utm_medium=newsletter&utm_source=tldr-devops&utm_campaign=20250404) (brought to you by Chronosphere) to learn how to:

* Build self-service platforms and developer portals
* Enable teams to focus on delivering business value without getting bogged down by day-to-day operations
* Drive developer autonomy and increase efficiency while avoiding chaos

[Download your free copy](https://chronosphere.io/resource/effective-platform-engineering/?utm_medium=newsletter&utm_source=tldr-devops&utm_campaign=20250516)

📱

### News & Trends

[### Kubernetes v1.33: Updates to Container Lifecycle (4 minute read)](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2025/05/14/kubernetes-v1-33-updates-to-container-lifecycle/?utm_source=tldrdevops)

Kubernetes v1.33 introduces a zero sleep duration option for container lifecycle hooks via the enabled-by-default PodLifecycleSleepActionAllowZero feature gate. Alpha support for customizing the stop signal sent to containers is also included in v1.33 through the ContainerStopSignals feature gate, allowing users to specify a custom stop signal in the container spec provided the Pod has the operating system specified with spec.os.name.

[### Visualize Amazon Aurora, Zendesk, and more: What's new in Grafana data sources (4 minute read)](https://grafana.com/blog/2025/05/14/visualize-amazon-aurora-zendesk-and-more-whats-new-in-grafana-data-sources/?utm_source=tldrdevops)

Grafana Labs has introduced new data sources for Amazon Aurora, Azure CosmosDB, CockroachDB, Drone, Netlify, and more. These data sources enhance observability by allowing users to query and visualize data from various systems within a centralized Grafana platform, with many available for free in Grafana OSS. The company also announced the release of Grafana 12.

🚀

### Opinions & Tutorials

[### The pros and cons of Lambdalith (5 minute read)](https://theburningmonk.com/2025/03/the-pros-and-cons-of-lambdalith/?utm_source=tldrdevops)

Lambdaliths consolidate all API routes into a single AWS Lambda function, enabling easier migration from traditional apps, familiar developer experience, and cost-effective use of Lambda Function URLs. However, they can introduce slower cold starts, reduced observability, and scaling limitations compared to the function-per-endpoint approach.

[### Why I use WebAssembly (5 minute read)](https://nasso.dev/blog/why-i-use-wasm?utm_source=tldrdevops)

WebAssembly enables powerful offline apps by running native code in the browser, reducing server needs and hosting costs. It can be used to share core logic across web and native apps, making tools like cross-platform DAWs easier to build and more accessible.

🎁

### Miscellaneous

[### Handling Network Throttling with AWS EC2 at Pinterest (10 minute read)](https://medium.com/@Pinterest_Engineering/handling-network-throttling-with-aws-ec2-at-pinterest-fda0efc21083?utm_source=tldrdevops)

Pinterest experienced severe performance degradation in critical storage systems due to undetected EC2 network throttling, particularly from microbursts that exceeded instance bandwidth limits. To address this, it deployed ENA metrics fleetwide for real-time monitoring and implemented techniques like fine-grained S3 rate limiting, staggered backup scheduling, and payload compression to mitigate throttling and improve reliability.

[### Kubernetes Powers Mastercard's AI-Workbench for Secure Innovation (5 minute read)](https://thenewstack.io/kubernetes-powers-mastercards-ai-workbench-for-secure-innovation/?utm_source=tldrdevops)

Mastercard developed a secure, scalable AI-Workbench on Red Hat OpenShift, enabling rapid experimentation, model training, and deployment in isolated, GPU-powered Kubernetes clusters. This platform streamlines collaboration and automation for data scientists while meeting strict data privacy and offline operation requirements.

[### Leveraging Change Data Capture For Database Migrations At Scale (3 minute read)](https://engineering.squarespace.com/blog/2025/leveraging-change-data-capture-for-database-migrations-at-scale?utm_source=tldrdevops)

Squarespace migrated databases from PostgreSQL to CockroachDB using change data capture (CDC) to minimize downtime. A custom consumer using Apache Beam was written to process events and a fallback pipeline to mirror the process back to Postgres was created as a safety net. The migration allowed for horizontal scaling and improved resilience. Challenges like referential integrity were addressed by temporarily turning off constraints during the isolated migration process.

⚡️

### Quick Links

[### Kube-Policies: Guardrails for Apps Running in Kubernetes (17 minute read)](https://developer.squareup.com/blog/kube-policies-guardrails-for-apps-running-in-kubernetes?utm_source=tldrdevops)

Kubernetes' default configurations prioritize speed over security, creating vulnerabilities that necessitate more adaptive, developer-friendly guardrails.

[### Forget IPs: using cryptography to verify bot and agent traffic (11 minute read)](https://blog.cloudflare.com/web-bot-auth/?utm_source=tldrdevops)

Cloudflare has introduced HTTP message signatures and request mTLS as proposals for friendly bots to authenticate themselves, replacing less reliable methods like user agent headers and IP addresses.

[### Use GCP Cloud Run with HAProxy to act like a serverless load-balancer service (6 minute read)](https://tantingli.medium.com/use-gcp-cloud-run-with-haproxy-to-act-like-a-serverless-load-balancer-service-0b19f1f17219?utm_source=tldrdevops)

GCP's native HTTP(S) Proxy Load Balancer, while powerful, poses configuration and flexibility challenges, especially for multi-port services and non-HTTP traffic.

## Get our free daily newsletter with curated tools 💻, trends 📈, and insights 💡, for DevOps Engineers 👨‍💻

Subscribe

Join 200,000 readers for [one daily email](/api/latest/devops)

[Privacy](/privacy)[Careers](https://jobs.ashbyhq.com/tldr.tech)[Advertise](/devops/advertise)

Timestamp: 1747441568